Lagos- The Coca-Cola Nigeria has reiterated its position in ensuring that the global village is rid of wastes. This, the food and beverage giants noted, would improve the health of Nigerians. This was disclosed by Mr. Alfred Olajide, the managing director of Coca-Cola Nigeria, at the flag-off of the ‘Waste in the City’, a project towards getting wastes out of the environment, which was organized by the Statewide Waste and Environmental Education (SWEEP) Foundation recently. Olajide noted that by investing in the planet through effective waste management, the company targets healthy demography. He commended the efforts of SWEEP Foundation in its sustained drive to make its environment better. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “I would like to congratulate the SWEEP Foundation for taking the lead in helping drive behavioural change in recycling and responsible waste disposal efforts across Surulere/Coker and Aguda Local Government Area through its focus on community advocacy, mass mobilization and deployment of 100 waste collection receptacles across these communities.“Food and Beverage packaging are an important part of our modern lives, yet the world has a packaging problem.” “At The Coca-Cola Company, we have a responsibility to help solve this problem. By investing in our planet and our packaging, we believe we can help make the world’s packaging problem a thing of the past.” International Women’s Day: We Need To Challenge Structures That Intentionally Relegate Women To The Backseat-… CBN’s Extension Period On Interest Rates Intervention Facilities In Order – Analysts “This is our ‘World Without Waste’ vision. We want to make recycling more accessible to achieve 100% collection and recycling by 2030. Our goal is to help collect and recycle a bottle or can for everyone we sell globally. To achieve this, we will continue working to make 100% of our packaging recyclable everywhere in the world.” “Because we can’t do this alone, we are partnering with local communities, NGOs, governments, industry groups and consumers to help make sure our packaging doesn’t end up where it doesn’t belong.” “It is with this in mind that Coca-Cola is committed to empowering NGOs like SWEEP to strengthen recycling efforts at a local level, creating income opportunities for people and boosting the circular economy while making a difference towards a better shared future for all.” He harped on the importance of the project, saying it would help the communities understand how to recycle wastes. “We are confident that this project will help communities identify and better understand how and where to recycle. This will also empower over a 100 youths and women who will be able to earn a living from this project.” “It will also help improve the existing collection and recycling systems. We hope to motivate residents to recycle their packages to help create a viable supply of reusable materials while ensuring the environment is kept clean.”