The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) said on Friday that the country stands to benefit so much from the election of its President Amaju Pinnick into the FIFA Council. Sanusi Mohammed, NFF’s General Secretary, who said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja, noted that the victory was a great political achievement for the country. “The victory of the president of Nigeria Football Federation Amaju Pinnick is not only for him but for Nigeria and all Nigerians,” he said. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Pinnick was on Friday in Rabat, Morocco, elected into the FIFA Council which is the highest decision making organ in world football. FIFA Council is a combination of 37 men selected from across the world charged with the responsibility of FIFA governance in terms of structure, decision, policy formulation and making sure that the policies well implemented. Edo Releases Guidelines For COVID-19 Vaccination BJFN Commiserates With Suswam On Brother’s Death Pinnick defeated his rival and incumbent Walter Nyamilandu of Malawi by 43 to 8 to step into the exalted 37-member FIFA Council. Mohammed told NAN in an interview that the country had stepped into the mainstream of world football administration. “It means a lot to us because to have representation in the FIFA Council means so much to football administration and I know that Amaju Pinnick being who he is will do everything possible to represents Nigeria very well. “There is nothing that is for Nigeria that will escape the country, and whatever that is needed to lobby for, I know he will do it for Nigeria and Africa in General. “So, I can say that this feat is a big political achievement to Nigeria; it has a lot of political advantage by the mere fact that a Nigerian is being called everywhere any time FIFA are having meetings. “With this also, Nigeria will have an edge over those countries that do not have representation “If any special consideration is to be given to member nations, Nigeria will be among the first to be considered, bearing in mind that we have somebody in the council who can say let’s support Nigeria. “In fact, there are so many things that we can benefit, and hosting of FIFA tournaments could be one of it depending on interests and facilities,” Mohammed said. (NAN)