ENUGU- Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State has appointed Engr. Onyeka Martins Okwor as the Managing Director of the State Water Corporation. Announcing the appointment on Tuesday, the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Prof. Simon Uchenna Ortuanya, disclosed that the decision was the outcome of the recent rigorous interview process conducted by UK Department for International Development (DFID) Consultants and Water Engineering Experts, for 16 candidates who applied for the post of Managing Director of the Corporation. The SSG stated that Engr. Okwor, an indigene of Ikem in Isi-Uzo Local Government Area of the state, and an engineer by training, with over 30 years of experience in the management of projects in water, sanitation, environment and power, scored the highest points in the interview. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Prof. Ortuanya added that Engr. Okwor served as Managing Director of SATEC Nigeria, a subsidiary of SATEC UK, an international water sanitation group, for 10 years. He further stated that the new Managing Director of Enugu State Water Corporation, until his appointment, was the Vice Chairman/Chief Executive Officer, Belform Nigeria Limited, an indigenous company with multiple interests in engineering, environmental and agricultural services. Nigeria Police Not Sincere About The Security Of Nigerians –Gani Adams Nigerians Shouldn’t Expect Improvement From New Service Chiefs –Oseni It would be recalled that Gov. Ugwuanyi’s administration in its sheer determination to comprehensively tackle the long-existing challenge of water supply in the state, which it inherited, recently constituted the Board of Enugu State Water Corporation, headed by a foremost consultant in the water industry and the first Managing Director of the corporation, Engr. Innocent O. Diyoke. The state government also advertised for the post of Managing Director of the Corporation, to join the team for effective implementation of its agenda towards ensuring adequate supply of potable water in the state.