LAGOS  – The foregoing question which is invariably the headline of this features cannot in any way be said to be a misnomer as the House of Representative last year, precisely in December, considered the need to empower the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) to regulate the production and sale of packaged water, popularly called “Pure Water” in the country. Ostensibly in the bid to make the move become a reality, a bill to amend the NAFDAC Act, and which is to allow the agency “capture other forms of packaged water, other than bottles”, passed second reading at the plenary. It would be recalled that the legislation is a product of three bills consolidated by the House. The joint bill is sponsored by Chairmen of the House Committee on Health Services, Yusuf Sununu; Committee on Health Services, Pascal Obi; and Danchung Bagos. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The legislation is titled, ‘A Bill for an Act to Amend the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control Act, Cap. N1, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2004 to capture other forms of packaged water, other than in bottles, encourage cooperation with other relevant agencies in carrying out its functions, introduce the coordination of clinical trials and some new offences and increase penalties for commission of offences under the bill and to provide for payment of all monies received by the agency into the Federation Account in accordance with Section 162 of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999; and for Related Matters. The foregoing legislative move is not the first the lawmakers are making in the bid to sanitise the sachet water segment of the consumer market. Improved Electricity Supply Beckons As Ashama Solar Power Takes 200MW To National Grid Protecting Consumers By Enhancing Meat Safety In 2014, NAFDAC undertook a nationwide laboratory test of various brands of sachet water being sold in the country, to ensure that they are fit for human consumption. The test was done in conjunction with an independent international consultant, Emani Global Network Limited (EGNL). The Principal Consultant and Chief Executive Officer of EGNL, Mr. Emmanuel Osiegbu, who spoke to the packaged water producers in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State capital at the end, explained that the process to ascertain the quality of packaged water (popularly called pure water), in circulation was from the National Assembly. According to him, the Committee on Health of the National Assembly was worried about a lot of issues bordering on water borne diseases in the country, hence its decision to let NAFDAC conduct on the spot packaged water tests using mobile laboratory equipment. The agency had earlier in the same year done mobile testing of packaged water in the country using modern mobile laboratory equipment used for testing the quality of water. “We have used it in scanning and testing water, we will move all over the federation to test the quality of water sold to the public,” Ibrahim Jimoh, the Director, Special Duties, NAFDAC, told the Journalists in June, 2014. He explained at the time that the essence of testing packaged water, was to safeguard the health of Nigerians by ensuring the safety of the water they consume. However, the question is, “How far can NAFDAC go on regulation of “pure water sector of the consumer market”? The answer to the foregoing question is expedient as an adage goes that “Water is life”. Analysed from the perspective of its necessity for the survival of living organisms; besides quenching thirst, cooking, bathing, washing and irrigating crops among other uses, the expediency to sanitise the sector cannot be dismissed with mere wave of the hand. The reason for the foregoing cannot be farfetched as water can take life because of waterborne-related diseases that are caused by consumption of unsafe water. It is against the foregoing background that the parley that transpired between DAILY INDEPENDENT and some respondents dwelt on the need for NAFDAC to meet the expectations of the people in terms of ensuring that the “Pure Water” sector of the consumer market is sanitised. The foregoing expectation from NAFDAC by the people cannot be misconstrued as the philosophy behind its establishment was to sustainably meet potable water demand across the country through international best practice. In the same vein, all packaged waters are mandated to undergo rigorous scrutiny by NAFDAC which results to certification and allocation of approval number. Disappointedly, it has been noticed that some unscrupulous manufacturers of packaged water products have mischievously decided not to register their products or complete the registration of their products with NAFDAC. Given the intense public campaigns against the patronage of packaged water products without certification numbers, today tables appear to have turned. Genuine or not, virtually all water products in the market display certification numbers, some in an attempt to deceive the population. It thus appears hard to prevent producers using fake NAFDAC numbers on the sachets. Even those who were registered have been observed to fall below expected standard once registration had been approved. Given the stark realities of the peoples’ expectation from NAFDAC, responses from some residents who shared their views with DAILY INDEPENDENT, disclosed that the task is no doubt herculean as it would not be a piecemeal for the commission in view of unscrupulous water product manufacturers that are “criminally witted” while most consumers are gullible and are ignorant of how to channel their complaints peradventure they noticed anomalies from water products purchased by them. DAILY INDEPENDENT observed that given the challenges which NAFDAC is facing in its bid to ensure that water consumers across the country are sustainably offered potable water in the market that wishes for the agency to succeed in the bid of executing its mandates are not unexpected. Mr. Edward Adeogun, said there was need for the agency to intensify efforts in sanitising the water product sector of the consumer market, and ensure that quality service delivery to consumers is attained, and by that forestall the occurrence of water borne diseases, especially now that rainy season with its attendant floods is fast approaching. Elvis Obaigbena said: “Nigerians have suffered enough when it comes to the issue of accessing clean water, and NAFDAC should resolve the lingering problem, once and for all”. Without sounding panegyric, the NAFDAC has at a recent event in February 2021 expressed concern over the production of substandard packaged water and vowed to shut down packaged water production facilities that fail the Good Manufacturing Practice requirements as it pledges to collaborate with various associations in efforts to sanitise the packaged water sector of the economy. According to a statement signed by the Agency’s Resident Media Consultant, Sayo Akintola, on Sunday, the Director-General of NAFDAC, Prof Mojisola Adeyeye, made the assertion, in Abuja at a virtual stakeholders’ meeting with packaged water producers in Nigeria on the need to sanitise the industry. Adeyeye said: “Shortly after procuring registration approval, many of the over 16,000 registered producers of packaged water across Nigeria, more often than not, lower standards and produce the essential commodity under despicable conditions, putting the health of the Nigerian consuming public at risk. “Today we are gathered on this platform as producers of packaged water, and we all know that the situation in Nigeria today is such that the entire Nigerian populace (including the healthy, elderly, pregnant women, children and the weak with low immunity) depend on packaged water for sustenance, as many believe falsely or rightly that the municipal water, where available, may hardly be safe for drinking.” Describing water as a unique product, Adeyeye said everybody needs water or at least a water-based product for hydration, proper digestion of food, drugs and other human needs to sustain life. ‘’Water is life,” she noted. The NAFDAC boss, however, posits that water can only sustain life when it is available for drinking in a safe and potable form, otherwise, it could cause health complications and even lead to death. ‘’You are in the noble business of providing Nigerians with safe drinking water; but if you engage in activities that fall short of standards and regulatory requirements, you may be responsible for illness and even death of innocent Nigerians,” she warned. Against the foregoing background, there is no denying the fact that the leadership of NAFDAC would go far in sanitising the literarily polluted water sector of the consumer market when adequately backed by members of the National Assembly through consumer-focused legislation.