LAGOS – As the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) continues to drag the issue of zoning of the 2023 presidential ticket, the Kogi State governor, Alhaji Yahaya Bello, on Sunday, March 7, resurrected the controversy over the rotational presidency with a declaration that the party never had any form of zoning arrangement. There have been claims from some party chieftains that there was a gentleman’s agreement reached in 2014 to return power to the South after President Muhammadu Buhari must have completed his second term in 2023. But, despite these claims, there are other party members, who have continued to maintain that the issue of who becomes the president should be about competence and not by zoning. The Kaduna State governor, Malam Nasir el-Rufai and the Minister for Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola, had both on several occasions, insisted that the party had an agreement that the 2023 presidency would be zoned to the South after the expiration of President Buhari’s tenure in compliance with the understanding reached by the party’s leaders during the merger talks before 2015 general elections. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! El-Rufai had said there was an agreement that the presidency should be zoned to the South after the eight-year rule of the North, stressing that although the agreement was not enshrined in the party’s constitution, politicians are aware of it. “That is why I came out and said that after President Buhari’s eight years, no Northerner should contest for the office. Let the Southerners also have eight years,” he had stated. FIRS Management, Staff Bicker Over Union Election, As Northern Delegates Plot Boycott Agric Extension Agents Commend FG For Training, Appeal For Sustainability Fashola too had urged the APC to respect its zoning formula in picking its presidential candidate for the 2023 election. “The truth is that what makes an agreement spectacular is the honour in which it is made, not whether it is written. If it was written, there would be no court cases of breach of contract because it’s a document that is written and signed that goes to court. “The private agreement you make with your brother and sister should not be breached. It must be honoured,” Fashola had said. He acknowledged that zoning is not in the party’s constitution, insisting that APC leaders had an agreement on zoning when the party was being formed. However, while speaking with journalists in Abuja last weekend, Bello, who is believed to also be nursing a presidential ambition, said there is no zoning arrangement in the APC. “There is nothing like zoning in our party. In 2015, there was no zoning; many aspirants, including former governor Rochas Okorocha contested. In 2019, there was no zoning; people in APC were not courageous enough to contest with President Muhammadu Buhari,” Bello stated. He added that the challenges facing the country has nothing to do with where the president comes from, as Nigerians are looking for young, vibrant, and responsible leaders, who can tackle the challenges. Asked if he is interested in the office, the governor said: “Even if I say I’m going to contest for presidency in 2023, my response is this: It is the will of God I became governor today, and I am in my second term going. If it’s the will of God for me to become president in this country at the right time, I will be.” The governor, while expressing optimism that he will defeat any challenger if he decides to contest, boasted, “I will record a vote that has never been recorded in Nigeria by the grace of God. But that’s not the issue right now; the issue is there must be Nigeria before we talk of 2023.” According to him, Nigeria’s problems, including insecurity, can be solved as there are enough resources to tackle them. “Nobody factors in tomorrow for our children yet unborn; sometimes there will be burning issues at hand, they call for meetings, you sit down and they are not discussing the main issue that brought us together. “And before the meeting there is a communiqué; after the meeting, it’s the communiqué that is read and it has nothing to do with the issue at hand. How can we progress? “This is what we have today as a country. A situation where Mr. President will give approval for things to be done and that approval is kept aside, and there will be no consequences for that. That’s what we have today as a country,” he lamented. He advised his colleagues to take the insecurity in the country seriously, saying they must talk about Nigeria first before the 2023 general elections. For some of the party chieftains, the issue of zoning should not be on the table at the moment, as there are other critical issues confronting the nation, which requires attention. Former Borno State governor, Senator Kashim Shettima, said late last year, that it was too early for the APC leaders to talk about which region of the country will be given the party’s presidential slot in 2023. Shettima stated that President Buhari, the APC National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and other leaders of the party will resolve the zoning issue in due time. The former governor, who spoke during a two-day mid-term retreat held in Ado-Ekiti last December, vowed that the ruling party will not disintegrate over the choice for presidential ticket. According to him, “Don’t forget that our party still controls the Presidency. We have a leader and other competent leaders that can manage every crisis situation. At the appropriate time, our leaders will sit and take the most apt decision that will resolve the issue. “APC is a party that is united and nothing can break us. I am confident that we will win the 2023 presidential elections. APC still remains the party to beat because of the unity of purpose and togetherness as well as desire to deliver for Nigerians. “So, I am confident and no cause for alarm, what you called controversy will be resolved in the fullest of time,” Shettima assured. Also late last year, Chris Ngige, the Minister of Labour and Employment, said that the founding fathers of the party will speak on the issue of zoning this year. The minister said those still in the party will speak up at the right time to clear the air on whether or not there was a zoning agreement on the 2023 presidential ticket. He said, “Nine of us are still in the APC. I can’t speak on the issue now. Most of us agreed that we are going to speak next year — from Bola Tinubu to Chief Bisi Akande, Chief Olusegun Osoba, myself; Tom Ikimi, Yusuf Ali; Ogbonnaya Onu; Danjuma Goje and Senator Wamakko. We will speak next year after we would have done the APC caucus meeting on it. Caucus will agree that we speak on it publicly.” Chief Elias Mbam, the Chairman, Revenue Mobilisation, Allocation and Fiscal Commission (RMAFC), last month, said that the APC will decide which zone will produce the 2023 presidential candidate of the party at the appropriate time. Mbam, who spoke after revalidating his membership of the party, noted that the current clamour for the party to zone its presidential ticket to the South-East geopolitical zone, could only be taken by the APC. The APC chieftain, who explained that the interest of the South-East zone was better achieved under APC, stressed that the decision to zone presidential slot was entirely reserved for the party. “The party decides where or which zone gets the presidential slot; the party decides what it wants, it’s not given and the party will decide those that will fly its flag. “We should desire to belong to the party at the centre because that’s where our hope lies and I want to urge our people to come and register with the ‘moving train’ to achieve our destiny as a people,” Mbam said. Ebonyi State Governor, David Umahi, during a visit to Chairman of the APC Caretaker/Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee, Mai Mala Buni, at the party’s National Secretariat in Abuja, last month, demanded the national leadership of the APC to decide on which geopolitical zone gets the party’s 2023 presidential ticket. Umahi had defected from the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) to the ruling APC a few months ago, citing injustice in the PDP, a development that sparked speculations that he was nursing a presidential ambition. According to Umahi, “It is a party affair. Party discipline requires that you sit down and discuss issues. You advance your reasons and another person will also advance his. And then the party as a family will take a position.” Sunday Independent learnt recently that some APC governors have been plotting to cede the presidential ticket of the party to the North. This was revealed by one of the governors in the party who is from the Southern part of the country. When asked if the presidential ambition of Yahaya Bello was a joke, the governor – who asked not to be named – said he believed his counterpart in Kogi was serious as there had been a clamour by some of his colleagues in the Progressives Governors’ Forum (PGF) that the North retains the presidency after President Buhari’s tenure. While saying the APC governors who wanted the party to zone the ticket to the North were in the majority, he, however, said the other governors from the South were watching the development and would make their stance known at the appropriate time. When pressed further on why the governors wanted the North to retain the ticket, he said there were strong indications that the opposition PDP would pick its presidential ticket from the Northern part of the country and that the APC governors “felt the need to match them power for power.” He said: “Honestly, I don’t know his (Bello) mind, but from what I have seen, I think he is serious about running for the presidency and he has a right to do so. “Even if the APC zones the ticket to the South, that won’t stop him from exercising his right if he feels he has what it takes to swing the delegates’ votes to his side. “But what I know is that some of them are canvassing that the North should still produce the candidate. That is absurd to some of us based on the fact that President Muhammadu Buhari, a Northerner, will be completing eight years in 2023. “However, their argument is that with feelers that the PDP may zone its ticket to the North, it will be wise for the APC to do likewise so that they can match them power for power, or divide the votes in the region. “Another argument they canvassed was that if the PDP presents a Northern presidential candidate and the APC fields a Northerner, there is a probability that the Northern electorate would queue behind their own.” Corroborating the governor’s claim, another chieftain of the party from the South West said the body language of the president and some key APC leaders showed that the Southern part of the country may lose out in the presidential ticket. On what would be the fate of the South East and South West, he said there were feelers that the South East may be considered for the vice presidency slot while the South West may get the Senate Presidency slot. “I believe what the governor said. There are plans to scheme out the South West and those of us who are here are watching the developments with keen interest. “There is something sinister about the ongoing membership registration process and I’m glad some of our leaders here have expressed their reservations,” he said. Also speaking on the issue, Prof. Oserhiemen Osunbor, a former governor of Edo State and an APC chieftain, said he would be surprised if the ticket was zoned to the North given the fact that the foundation documents of the party recognised rotation of the presidency between North and South. “Yes, I will be surprised if the ticket is zoned to the North. This is because the foundation documents of APC and the understanding by its leadership at its formation recognised rotation of the presidency between the North and the South, among other matters. “I expect that this will be respected. However, should there be compelling reasons for the party to decide otherwise for overriding national interest or cogent reasons, the party is at liberty to review its position,” he said. Ibrahim Shekarau, one of the APC’s chieftains, who have been against the issue of zoning, said in January, during an interactive session with journalists in Kano, that zoning of the presidential slot is that of the PDP and not the APC. “I want to tell you that there is no place in the APC constitution that the issue of zoning is mentioned. I think it is only considered by the People’s Democratic Party (PDP),” he said. He added that despite the absence of a written agreement on zoning, some persons are still calmouring for it. Shekarau said while retaining power in a particular region does not necessarily make it superior or better off, common sense ought to prevail while determining the party’s presidential candidate for 2023. Although Shekarau was not particular on the region which should be allowed to field a presidential candidate, he said the position should be appropriated based on justice and fairness. “For me, I believe in the principle of balance equation and common sense. Although there is no place in our party where zoning is allowed unlike in the PDP where the zoning system is constitutional, ideally common sense should have guided APC in its selection. “And those who want to kill themselves that one particular region should continue to maintain power should know that that will not make them better than other regions. For instance, in the last eight years the north has been in power, are we better than other parts of the country? The answer is no,” he added. Yekini Nabena, former National Publicity Secretary of APC said in a recent chat with newsmen that the party would decide on its zoning formula for 2023 elections after critical stakeholders meet. Nabena, said: “Definitely there is going to be zoning, but the critical stakeholders will meet in every zone before the final decision will be taken. Mind you some people are just heating up the polity because of what they stand to benefit. “I know that before anything will start, they, critical stakeholders, in every zone will meet after which they will come up with their zoning formula. “My advice is Nigerians should be patient for this arrangement to be done so everybody will know where to key into but for now allow the critical stakeholders and leaders to meet and agree on the zoning pattern,” Nabena pleaded.