Currently, the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB), which took its root from the National Oil and Gas Policy 2007, is before the National Assembly in Nigeria. The Oil and gas policy came as a product of a report produced by Oil And Gas Sector Reform Implementation committee inaugurated on 24th April 2000 under the chairmanship of late Dr. Rilwanu Lukman. It was this report that formed the basis for the first PIB that was submitted before the national assembly in 2008 as an executive Bill. However, the dissatisfaction expressed by various stakeholders on the provisions of the bill elicited intense debate and intrigues which signaled the commencement of a process of multiple revisions of the bill in an attempt to produce an acceptable draft. This revision process led to the proliferation of diverse and irreconcilable versions of the bill and, among other things, contributed to the inability of the 7th National Assembly to enact the bill into law. It must be emphasized here that crude oil is still the mainstay of the country’s national economy regardless of the current price fluctuation in the international market. Over 80% of the Nigerian foreign exchange earnings come from crude oil export. It behooves that a sector such as this, which guarantees enormous developmental and fiscal strides, be accorded the best of treatment. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Unfortunately, this has not been the case. With the gradual divestment by foreign firms from the sector, as a result of uncertainty in the sector, the emergence of competing petroleum investment opportunities in other sub-Saharan African Countries and other issues in both the upstream and downstream sectors of the industry, it becomes clear to Government that there is the need to standardize and streamline the operation of the oil sector. The current bill before the National Assembly is as a result of the task force and its technical committees setup by the government to produce the harmonised version of it. That harmonised version was presented before the national assembly in 2020. The objectives of the bill include: Apapa Gridlock Is Surmountable The Insecurity Threat To Schools • Creating a conducive business environment for petroleum operation; • Enhancing e xploration and exploitation of petroleum resources for the benefit of Nigerians; • Optimizing domestic g as supplies, particularly for power generation and industrial development; • Establishing a pro gressive fiscal framework that encourages further investment in the petroleum industry while optimizing the revenue accruing to the government; • Establishing commercially oriented and profit driven oil and gas entities; • Dere gulating and liber alizing the downstream petroleum sector; • Creating efficient and ef fective regulatory agencies; • Promoting openness and transparency in the industry and • Encouraging the development of Nigerian content. In order to achieve these objectives the bill provides, among other things, for: • The restructuring and reorganisation of industry institutions and the regulatory framework; • A ne w fiscal re gime for upstream oil and gas production; • Allocation of domestic Gas Supply obligations to licensees; Specifically, in order to achieve the first objective of creating a condusive business environment for petroleum operation, there must be an existence of peaceful and harmonious relationships between the government, the oil operators (oil companies) and the Oil and Gas Host Communities. Considering the place of petroleum in the Nigerian economy, the need for welfare enhancement to the host communities needs not be over emphasized. It is as important as petroleum export itself. The bill has already proposed 2.5% for Host Community Trust Fund (HCTF) for oil bearing communities. But the South South Governors from whose states the bulk of the crude oil is extracted, have sought an upward review of the host community trust Fund from 2.5% to 10%. As stated by the Chairman of the South South governors forum, Governor Ifeanyi Okowa of Delta State when they rose from their meeting, “..this is in the best interest of our communities and the nation. If satisfied with the provision of the trust, the host communities will be watch dogs of the oil facilities on behalf of the federal, state governments and the oil companies. A peaceful business environment in the various oil communities would enable us have greater and seamless production without any form of disruption going into the future”. We align with the position of the South South governors believing that an optimum oil production quota will guarantee maximized profit. This can only be attained when there is absence of restiveness and disruptions in various oil producing communities. The current peaceful and calm situations in oil communities must be sustained. We hereby urge Nigerian legislators in both chambers of the national assembly to promptly review the Host Community Trust Fund from the earlier proposed 2.5% to 10% as recommended by the South South governors before the bill is passed. This will guarantee peace and tranquility in the oil bearing communities and also give them a sense of belonging while also guaranteeing an increased output and profit to the government and oil companies.