INNOCENT OWEH;SAMUEL OGIDAN;AHMED MUSA ABUJA – Nigerian workers led by the leadership of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and the Trade Union Congress (TUC) on Wednesday stormed the National Assembly, to among other issues, demand that the Bill seeking removal of the Minimum Wage from the Exclusive Legislative list to the Concurrent list be jettisoned else they will not hesitate to shut down the country. The workers branded in union attires and armed with placards started assembling at the Unity Fountain, Abuja, as early as 7:20a.m Wednesday morning and proceeded on a peaceful protest to the National Assembly to officially deliver a document containing workers’ demands from government. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Some inscriptions on the placards read, ‘On minimum wage we stand’, ‘No to minimum wage on Concurrent list’, ‘Yes to minimum wage on Executive list’. Delivering the document to representatives of the Senate President and Speaker House of Representatives, the aggrieved workers warned the lawmakers that failure to do the right thing would amount to a total shut down of the nation’s economy. Nigeria’s Future Lies In Her Youth, Revd Pam Tells YOWICAN Revelation Church Of Jesus Christ Expands During COVID, Beyond President of the NLC, Comrade Ayuba Wabba, who stressed that politicians were the problem of the country, insisted that the National Minimum Wage was a standard set by the International Labour Organisation (ILO), which the Nigerian government ratified since 1961. Citing an example of President Joe Biden of the United States whose first statement on assumption of office was the need to carry out an upward review of workers’ minimum wage to $15 per hour, he said rather than lead a progressive leadership, Nigerian politicians were raising false arguments against the National Minimum Wage being in the Exclusive list. According to him, the Minister of Labour and Employment had already clarified that the lawmakers were going in a wrong direction that could attract sanctions given Nigeria’s signatory to the ILO Convention on Minimum Wage. Wabba further warned that should the governance structure in the country persists, workers would have no option but to pray down fire to consume politicians responsible for the calamities befalling the country. He said: “The Bill that seeks to remove the minimum wage from the exclusive list to the concurrent list is not accepted. “The issue of national minimum wage is a standard set by the International Labour Organisation and the ILO is the first agency of the United Nations formed in 1919 after the First World War. “Your argument is that because they want federalism the issue of the national minimum wage should be moved to the concurrent list, that is wrong. In countries of the world today, we have 26 federal nations that have minimum wage in their exclusive list including the United States of America. “The argument about federalism is false, also, the argument about the ability to pay. How can we degenerate to remove an issue that the workers have earned through hard labour for 40 years and want to remove it overnight? “The problem of Nigeria is the issue of good governance and that is why we are here and all those issues have been documented in the document we are going to present to the leadership. “Let me also tell them, you have given us the mandate that if the right thing is not done, the leadership have the right to declare a national strike throughout the entire country.” Wabba further demanded that autonomy be given to local governments, state Houses of Assembly and the Judiciary to ensure resources of the local government were channelled to address insecurity and the many developmental issues confronting the country. “Part of why we are not making progress is because local government system has been killed, the resources of local government has become pocket money. “We want autonomy for the local government, autonomy for the state Houses of Assembly and autonomy for the Judiciary. This is the way to go because they are different arms of government and if we do that Nigeria will be better.” President of the TUC, Comrade Olaleye Quadri, urged the National Assembly to lead by example by taking the decision to receive their salaries from their respective local government area councils. Receiving the document on behalf of the Speaker, House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, the House Leader, Alhassan Ado Doguwa, advised the labour leaders and Nigerian workers to lobby their respective legislators to kill the Bill they were agitating against. “The presentation and recommendation of the Bill was only an opinion and a proposal but from what I am seeing now it appears to me that the leadership and organised labour are against the Bill and you have your rights and reasons to reject that Bill. “We will still invite you to the relevant committee of which I am a member, the constitution review committee, to come and make your position formally and members representing your respective communities will be on the ground to do justice to that Bill. “I can understand that the only thing you want is to kill that Bill then, will like to advise, go ahead and lobby the members that you elected, tell them you don’t like that Bill and your elected members will stand for you.”Doguwa also said the Speaker of the House of Representatives will meet with leaders of organised labour to discuss issues surrounding the amendment of the Bill. Also receiving the document on behalf of the Senate President, Sen. Ahmad Lawan, the Deputy Chief Whip of the Senate, Abdullahi Sabi, appealed to the workers to have confidence in the lawmakers whom he said would do everything possible to ensure workers’ rights and demands were respected. “Denying you minimum wage is something I personally as a senator do not support but we are in a democracy which is about a process. You have read your point, you are standing tenaciously to ask for what is your right but I want to assure you there are lots of progressive lawmakers in the 9th Assembly. “In the past, we have stood toe to toe with Nigerian workers, there is nothing that suggests we are changing from that direction rather, we will stand by you to ensure that the fundamental right of every worker is not only ensured, but enforced and guaranteed.” NLC Protest Won’t Stop NASS – PGF DG Meanwhile, Salisu Lukman, Director General of the Progressive Governors’ Forum (PGF), has again tackled organised labour over their stance on the National Minimum Wage Bill, insisting that their protest on Wednesday was needless. Lukman, a former labour activist, said the effort by organised labour to blackmail the ongoing effort to decentralise the minimum wage issue would not succeed considering several failed attempts to implement the national minimum wage by states. He insisted that the agitation would not stop the lawmakers from exercising their constitutional function. The NLC, he said, should prioritise the issue of productivity, adding that nobody was opposed to the National Minimum Wage but that labour leaders should get ready to negotiate rather than resort to strike all the time. He also maintained that the agitation by labour to halt the ongoing effort to decentralise the minimum wage would fail as no serious government would negotiate with a union on a matter that was overdue for adjustment. Addressing a press conference in Abuja over the nationwide protest embarked on by the NLC, Lukman said he was speaking in his personal capacity and maintained that “the protest will be fruitless and cannot stop the ongoing process in the National Assembly”. Lukman said: “We cannot negotiate the future of this country in the streets. “We are not saying they should not protest but this protest is needless. I can guarantee that it is not going to stop the process in the National Assembly. “It is not going to take away the issue. We need to work with them to develop this democracy and we can only do that if every constituent unit and citizens in those units can negotiate with the constituent governments and get results. “As it is, we are all frustrated and that is what we should be addressing. “This ‘we against them’ that labour is creating does not exist. We should be applying ourselves to resolving the problems of this democracy. There are fundamental problems bigger than we can imagine.” According to the APC chieftain, it would be needless expecting a state like Zamfara or Yobe to pay the same minimum wage as Lagos State as this would impact negatively on productivity. Lukman said he would not succumb to labour blackmail. He stated: “I want to be able to engage labour even though some of them continue to accuse me of being sponsored by a governor. “But it is not just a governor; I have 20 governors sponsoring me. “I am happy to have the knowledge that would attract all the consideration of being sponsored. “I believe the future of this country is about negotiating these issues. “I have respect for the NLC and TUC leadership but my advice to them is that they have better capacity in getting things done. “In fact, this country is where it is because they are not really applying themselves in the right direction. “The total number of the membership of the NLC, and I am being generous, is not more than 20,000 for the whole country. “I left the NLC in 2006 and, at that time, the total membership was about 4,000, but I am giving it to them because they have organised new sectors. “There are new areas and so it is possible they have risen to 20,000. That is a very critical mass but they need to be guided and led properly. “Assuming every government pays N30,000, will that solve the problem of workers? “So, nobody should deceive anybody. We all have a lot to do in this country. “It is not about dancing on the streets, but they should develop their capacity. “I am saying they have lied by saying that people proposing that minimum wage and labour issues be moved to the Concurrent List do not want the National Minimum Wage. “I heard the NLC President, which is a disappointment, arguing that when it is not negotiated at the national level, it means it is not a ‘National Minimum Wage’. “I am saying you can still negotiate it at the national level but the methodology is important because you are looking for a benchmark which everybody should be able to pay. It is not about coming to the Federal Government. “I am worried about the situation where anything that appears contrary to what labour wants, the next thing is to go on strike. “My belief is that the main business of labour is negotiation and negotiation is about applying knowledge and information that you have.”