ABUJA – Justice Binta Nyako of the Federal High Court Abuja has fixed May 18 for Bala Hamisu, popularly known as Wadume, to open his defence in the terrorism charge instituted against him and others by the Federal Government. Wadume and his co-defen­dants were docked before Jus­tice Binta Nyako of the Federal High Court, Abuja on June 8, 2020. Other defendants are Ali­yu Dadje (a police Inspector), Auwalu Bala (aka Omo Ra­zor), Uba Bala (aka Uba Delu) Bashir Waziri (aka Baba Runs), Zubairu Abdullahi (aka Basho) and Rayyanu Abdul. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! They are being prosecuted on a 13-count amended charge bordering on terrorism, kid­napping and related offences. At the resumption of trial on Tuesday, Shuiabu Labaran, leading a team of prosecutors called his sixth and final wit­ness, in the person of one In­spector Ben Anthony, a police investigator. Motor Accident Claims Lives Of MHWUN Secretary General, Wife, Daughter NIHORT, Lawmaker Train 100 Youth In Telfaria, Tomato Processing In Delta Led in evidence by Yetunde Cole, the prosecution witness told the court that he was part of a team that recovered four AK-47 rifles from Wadume’s brother, Uba Bala at Ibi in Tara­ba State. “While at Ibi, we got infor­mation that Wadume called his brother Uba and asked him to remove the guns from where he kept them. “We left Ibi for Uba’s house and immediately he sighted us at the front of his house, he at­tempted to run but we followed him and arrested him,” the po­lice investigator testified. Continuing, he informed the court, “We then asked him where the guns were and he took us to an uncompleted building and showed us where he kept the guns. “He gave us a hoe and cut­lass to dig the place and I dug it myself and brought out a sack that contained four AK-47 ri­fles,” Anthony testified. But upon cross-examina­tion, Anthony admitted not having evidence of the call Wadume placed to his brother, Uba directing him to remove the guns from where he hid them. The witness said the guns were released by the court to the police for safe keeping. At this juncture, Labaran told the court that the prose­cution had closed its case with Anthony being the last testifier. Reacting, Wadume’s lawyer, Mr. Dikko Ishaku (SAN) along with other defence counsel, said they were not ready to open their case immediately. “We are not ready for de­fence since the matter was ad­journed for continuation of the prosecution’s case. “We ask for a date to open our defence,” Ishaku said. Meanwhile, Mr. Y. Dangana, the lawyer who represented the third defendant informed the court that his client would not be opening his defence but would file a no-case-submis­sion. In view of the foregoing, the trial judge has adjourned the matter to May 18, for either the defendants to open their defence or file a no-case-sub­mission within 21 days. The Inspector General of Police had pressed charges against the defendants on Feb­ruary 5, but the. Attorney General of the Federation, (AGF) and Minis­ter of Justice Abubakar Mala­mi SAN took over the matter from the police on June 3.