LAGOS  – Heartland of Owerri and Abia Warriors shared the points at the Dan Anyiam Stadium in Owerri in one of the match-day fourteen of the Nigerian Professional Football League (NPFL) that went down across the country. The highly talked about derby ended in a draw as Abia Warriors, the visitors in the match, threw away a two-goal lead against the Naze Millionaires. Godwin Obaje fired the visitors ahead in the sixth minute and ten minutes later, he completed his brace. However, the two goals brought out the best out of the home side, who failed to grab an equalizer immediately. But their efforts paid off two minutes into the first half additional time when Paschal Eze netted to reduce the deficit. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! In the second half, both sides pressed for further goals but it was the home side that was lucky as Samuel Nnoshiri curled in from the spot in the 63rd minute to make it 2-2. All efforts could not produce another goal as the game ended thus. With the result, Heartland remain eleventh on the log with eighteen points from fourteen games, while Abia Warriors are twelfth with seventeen points from the same number of games. Sports Ministry Unveils Format For Revived Principal’s Cup Super Falcons’ Turkey Outings Excite Abdulkareem In the other games played also on Sunday, Rivers United bounced back from their winless streak to defeat Jigawa Golden Stars 2-0 in Port Harcourt. In Jos, Plateau United fully exploited their home advantage to the fullest, beating MFM 3-1. Nasarawa United, playing at home, piped Lobi Stars 1-0, even as Adamawa United beat visiting Dakkada FC of Uyo 2-0. League leaders, Kwara United, shared the points with their hosts, Wikki Tourists, as the game ended 1-1 and in Katsina, home side, Katsina United, drew blank against Sunshine Stars. The results show Kwara United still setting the pace at the summit of the log with twenty six points from fourteen games. They are followed by Rangers with twenty four points while Kano Pillars are third with the same points as Rangers and even the goals aggregate, but separated alphabetically. Warri Wolves will host Akwa United later today while the match between Enyimba and FC IfeanyiUnah was postponed because of the former’s continental engagement.