ADO-EKITI- Chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party(PDP) and former Acting Governor of Ekiti, Prince Tunji Odeyemi has condemned attempt to label former governor of Osun State, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola as errand to Oyo State Governor, Seyi Makinde on the party crisis in Ekiti. Speaking at the sideline of 62nd Birthday Party  held in Ode-Ekiti on weekend, Odeyemi,former Speaker,Ekiti State House of Assembly cautioned some forces within party against disrespecting the elders for selfish reasons. Reacting to the statement  credited to the Ekiti State PDP  Publicity Secretary ,Raphael Adeyanju on weekend rejecting the peace initiative of the  Oyinlola’s panel ,Odeyemi argued that the former Osun Governor deserves respect and commendation of all loyal party men. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Adeyanju in the statement said: “Our attention has been drawn to a meeting scheduled for Saturday in Ado Ekiti by Prince Oyinlola under the guise of a non-existing reconciliation committee. “We wish to state that the State Working Committee (SWC) of the PDP in Ekiti State is not aware of such meeting. Do Not Abandon Projects Started By Your Predecessors, Okowa Warns Newly Elected LG Chairmen Fayose Hails Nigerian Women On International Women’s Day “Therefore,  all members of the PDP in Ekiti State are enjoined to shun the meeting as it is obviously another of the plots by Prince Oyinlola and his paymaster in Ibadan, Oyo State to cause division in the party. “Here in Ekiti, concerted efforts are being made to resolve issues among the stakeholders and as a follow up to the meeting held in Abuja on Monday,  another meeting will be held in Lagos on Monday,  next week.” the statement  said . Commenting on  Ekiti PDP stance,Odeyemi decried t the public embarrassment meted out to Prince Oyinlola  on the matte ,stressing that it was not only unexpected but condemnable. Said he ” I think the PDP is  dancing to the tune of their master( Fayose) .But  I want to make a passionate appeal to  former governor Ayodele Fayose to please calm down on this matter .I dont think it is right for anyone either in the SouthWest or in the PDP to refer  to former governor Olagunsoye Oyinlola as an errand boy. “There is nothing unusual in what governor Makinde did. Even President Muhammadu Buhari at one time or the other engage the services of former Nigerian leaders like Olusegun Obasanjo ,AbdulSalami Abubakar .Does that make them errand boys ? Practically No. So the people are waiting for us to put our house in order .Because,they are already fed up the APC Administrations in the state and at the centre. We the opportunity and we must take advantage of it. “That’s would be most unfortunate statement ever .For me ,only  a nonentity will describe Oyinlola as a servant or errand boy to Seyi Makinde .it is a general thing  as a sitting governor, you have the right to appoint whosoever to mediate in the crisis in your party .So long you believe in his or her ability and expertise to handle the situation.” “Let  me state clearly,we all leverage on the experience of our elders at one time or the other to resolve internal crisis and move the party forward. If truly we all  believe in PDP and want the party to succeed both at the state and at the National, nobody should oppose to the peace move bring initiated. “Fayose had been governor on two occasions, he had being the Chairman of the PDP Governors Forum.He should allow others to benefit from the party .Oyinlola  was governor more than ten years ago.For me the Reconciatory Committee headed by him is in order.Thank  God  Oyinlola was here  in Ado-Ekiti on weekend and we had a fruitful deliberations. That is the way to go,even though, the Fayose camp did not show up “ He added “Once again, I am using this opportunity to appeal to former governor Fayose to please calm down .He cant be always right in all issues. We cant continue like this .In any political setting  there is bound to be conflict. The ability to resolve crisis or find solution to it is the key issue here. If truly, we all want the PDP to return to power in Ekiti and in Aso Rock. This hardline posture will not take the party anywhere”. “Let me clarify that the difference between the Fayose’s  Group and our own caucus,which some people called Olujimi Camp is that ,in the former ,Fayose leads others follow while our own is a  sort of collegiate system.Nobody cs  lord his or her views on others in our group. “For us in the Olujimi camp, we are looking forward to meeting the other group to iron out  issues before meeting the  PDP National Reconciatory Committee being led by former Senate President ,Dr Bukola Saraki.This is our party and we cannot afford to fritter this golden opportunity at this  crucial moment” Odeyemi posited.