AKURE – The ongoing investigation into the N2.4 million allegedly stolen by some members and staff of Ondo State House of Assembly has led to the detention of a awmaker, Felemu Bankole, the Clerk of the Assembly, Mr. Bode Adeyelu and three other staffers of the Assembly. The suspects were arrested on Wednesday and detained by the anti-graft agency, Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), in its Lagos facility in connection with the alleged fraud. Other staffers of the Assembly detained are Olusegun Kayode and Afolabi O. J. who were said to be helping the anti-graft agency in its investigation. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Felemu Bankole, who is the lawmaker representing Akoko South West I in the House, is the chairman, House Committee on Tertiary Education. A source in the Assembly had revealed that the speaker, Bamidele Oleyelogun, the House committee chairman and four other members of the committee were said to have been enlisted to attend a two-day seminar purportedly organised by National Productivity, Lagos, slated for Wednesday, 11th and Thursday 12th of December 2019 in Lagos. Gov. Uzodimma Decries Existence Of Ghost Workers On Imo’s Payroll Osun Govt. Condemn Killing Of Herders But it was revealed that they didn’t attend the alleged phony seminar and allegedly collected money for the seminar. An obtained document reads in parts: “The seminar was aimed at institutionally productivity, consciousness and excellence in service among workers and organisations in both public and private sectors, to accord workers and organizations the platform in achieving high productivity as well as giving impetus the seminar in charting the pathway in revitalizing the Educational Sector.” According to sources at the Assembly, the clerk, the deputy speaker, the House Committee on Tertiary Education chairman and two members of the committee were scheduled to attend the seminar. However, the anti-graft agency is after the lawmakers and civil servants working at the Assembly because a petition received by the agency claimed that the lawmakers didn’t attend the said seminar but collected N2.4million from the state Ministry of Finance for the event. Sources revealed that the speaker had been invited by EFCC to its Lagos office for interrogation, but the Chairman, House Committee on Information, Gbenga Omole, who denied the speaker’s invitation, admitted that some staffers of the Assembly were invited by EFCC.