Sunshine Stars’ Head Coach, Gbenga Ogunbote, on Monday in Akure said team’s record of eight matches without a win in the ongoing 2020/2021 Nigeria Professional Football League (NPFL) is unfortunate. Ogunbote, while speaking during a post-match interview with newsmen after they drew goalless with visiting Nasarawa United in a delayed Match Day 15 encounter said the situation was lamentable. “Eight games without a win is really unfortunate. You will do your best, but along the line, other challenges creep in. But we will get better as we advance in the league. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “As an independent body, I challenge the media to speak to the world on what they have seen here in terms of officiating,” he said. Sunshine Stars and Nasarawa United could not be separated after the 90-minute encounter which spread over two days. Data Protection: NITDA Fines Electronics Coy N5m For Data Breach – Official Tencent Loses $62bn, Wiping Out Value Of Fintech Business The match was suspended on Sunday after the referee alleged at half-time there was a threat to his life, with scores at 0-0. On Monday, both sides returned to the match venue for another barren 45 minutes.A lively restart to the match had gifted Tolu Oluwole a real sight at goal but the lanky forward could not beat the Nasarawa United goalkeeper, Danlami Umar. The early rush by the hosts continued, with youngster Ayo Adejubu troubling Umar with a decent effort from around the edge. Nasarawa United were not without chances of their own though, as they saw an effort rolling across the face of goal in the game’s 56th minute with Sunshine backline stranded. Five minutes later, Adamu Hassan blasted high in front of the goal for the Solid Miners. In the 68th minute, Adejubu, while getting set to unleash inside the area went down under a challenge but the referee appeared unconvinced to award a penalty kick. Sunshine Stars’ Uche Okafor had to stay alert to spare the Owena Whales’ blushes after a miscued clearance 18 minutes from time. Stephen Begbaji was brought down in the penalty box, but the referee again ignored Sunshine Stars’ scream for a penalty kick moments before the contest was brought to a goalless end. (NAN)