LAGOS  – Last Friday’s early morning adjustment of the pricing template of fuel by the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency, PPPRA, is still lingering in the minds of Nigerians, who will pay more for the pump price of the product so soon despite the government’s promise to ensure that the current price stays for now. Nigerians are specifically worried over the cost of energy at a time the crude oil price is on the rise and the growing global campaign for energy transition. Most Nigerians are battling hard to survive in a battered economy being supervised by the administration of Muhammad Buhari. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The Nigerian Labour Congress had recently embarked on a nationwide protest over the planned exclusion of the national minimum wage for legislative exclusive list According to the PPPRA, the monthly template of the agency, petrol is expected to sell at a lower retail price of N209.61 and at an upper retail price of N212.61. PEF, Marketers’ Spat Over Calls For Agency’s Scrapping NGA Named NLNG Gas Company Of The Year The PPPRA template follows the increasing price of crude at the international market as well as instability in exchange rate. The pricing template of the agency revealed the average price per ton of the commodity was about $561.96, or N169.22 per litre, while the average freight rate coat (North-West Europe to West Africa) was about $21.63 per or N6.51 per litre. According to the figures, the ex-coastal price was N175.73 per litre, average lightering expenses were fixed at N4.81 per litre while the Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA) charge was put at N2.49 per litre. It added that the NIMASA charge is now N0.23 per litre; jetty throughput N1.61 per litre while storage charge is N2.58 per litre and average finance cost of N2.17 per litre, giving an Expected Landing Cost (ELC) of N189.61. The wholesale margin was fixed at N4.03 per litre; administration charge at N1.23 per litre; transporters’ allowance (NTA) was fixed at N3.89 per litre; bridging fund cost was N7.51 per litre and Marine Transport Average (MTA) remained at N0.15 per litre. The expected ex-depot price for wholesale products marketers would be N206.42 per litre. The template indeed elicited reactions by some filling station owners, who adjusted their pump price of the product, while few others that sold for the old price was greeted by long queues therein. The deletion of the price template by the agency from its website following the brewing uproar caused Nigerians to question what would have warranted its action particularly at the time when the Federal government and labour unions are on the parley table over the last increment in the cost of the product. Nigerians also wondered why the PPPRA continue to play the traditional roles it was known for when the Federal government had announced the deregulation of the downstream sector. But the agency said the pricing template was misconstrued by Nigerians. Mr. Timipre Sylva, Minister of State, Petroleum Resources, described the information as “misleading”, and the government maintained that it was unthinkable to raise the price of the product when negotiations were going on with organised labour and urged the general public to disregard any such reports. He added that there was no way a fuel pump price increase could have been effected without the knowledge of either President Muhammadu Buhari or the minister. “Irrespective of the source of that information, I want to assure you that it is completely untrue. Neither Mr. President, who is the minister of petroleum resources nor my humble self who deputises for him as minister of state, has approved that the pump price of petrol should be increased by one naira. I would therefore urge you to disregard this misleading information,” Sylva stated. He said for the past few months the government has been in consultation with organised labour to find the least painful option to respond to the global rise in the price of crude, which in turn has inevitably led to increase in the price of petrol. He said it was unthinkable that government would unilaterally abandon the ongoing discussions and act in the manner suggested by the information under reference. “Cynicism and deceit have never been the trademark of the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. I would like to equally assure you that the engagement with organised labour and other stakeholders will continue even as the calculations to arrive at a reasonable price regime are being done; all in good faith and you will be availed of the final outcome at the appropriate time.” He warned marketers against taking advantage of the current confusion to inflict hardship on Nigerians, stressing that it would visit sanctions on any such attempts. “Until then, all marketers are strongly advised to maintain the current pump price of PMS before the emergence of this unfortunate information. Those who may want to take advantage of this unfortunate misinformation to extort Nigerians should not give in to such temptation as there are regulatory mechanisms that government can enforce to protect its citizens. “In conclusion, I want to sincerely apologise to all Nigerians for any distress and inconvenience the unfortunate information might have caused,” Sylva noted. A statement signed by its Executive Director, Abdulkadir Saidu,PPPRA, said that the document did not indicate that the petrol price had been increased, adding that the “guiding prices” posted on its website was only indicative of current market trends, and did not translate to any increase in pump price of petrol. It reminded the general public of the introduction of the market-based pricing regime for petrol regulation 2020 as gazetted by the Federal Government, declaring that based on the regulation, prices are expected to be determined by market realities in line with the dictates of market forces. He maintained that one of the conditions for the implementation of the market-based pricing regime is the monthly release of the guiding price to reflect current market fundamentals, stressing that it was in line with the PPPRA’s mandate to maintain constant surveillance over all key indices relevant to pricing policy monitors market trends on a daily basis to determine guiding prices that the data was made public. “The agency is not unaware of the challenges with the supply of PMS due to some concerns leading NNPC to be the sole importer of PMS. ”PPPRA is also mindful of the current discussion going on between the government and the organised labour on the deregulation policy. While consultation with relevant stakeholders is ongoing, PPPRA does not fix or announce prices and therefore there is no price increase. “The current PMS Price is being maintained while consultations are being concluded. Even though market fundamentals for PMS in the past few months indicated upward price trends, the pump price has remained the same and we are currently monitoring the situation across retail outlets nationwide,” the agency stated. But National Publicity Secretary, Mr. Kola Ologbondiyan, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) , said any contemplation to increase pump price of petrol to N212 would worsen the economic and social situations of Nigerians. He lamented the N212 per litre reportedly contemplated in the March pricing template was not in the best interest of Nigerians, saying that it is a barefaced fact that there is no way that Nigerians can survive such a hike in fuel price, which will worsen the already agonising economic situation in the country. “Our party maintains that with an honest and transparent administration of our national production capacity and potentialities, domestic price of fuel should not exceed N70 per litre,” the PDP argued. Ologbondiyan said any increase in fuel price would be unacceptable with over 100 million citizens living in abject poverty, 23 per cent unemployment rate and many more living below N500 a day and called on the government to save the nation by ending every contemplation of fuel price increase. The Director of Programmes, Corporate Accountability and Public Participation Africa, CAPPA, Philip Jakpor, said: “Inflation will spiral, cost of doing business will go up and cost of living will increase. It will literarily be hell for the downtrodden. “It is a very disturbing development because the average Nigerian, already burdened by the inconsistent policies of the current administration, will now be inflicted with more hardship. It is totally unacceptable and should be resisted. It is an ill-conceived initiative and should be reversed immediately.” Paul James, The Programme Manager, Elections, Yiaga Africa, said: “There is a lot of myth and insincerity in the way Nigerian Government is handling the issue of petrol pump price. For instance, on March 1, 2020, the Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC said in a statement that it was not contemplating any rise in the price of petrol in March until all negotiations with labour are concluded, but barely two weeks afterwards without due consultations, Nigerians are greeted with the heartbreaking news of price adjustments from N162 to N212.61. “To begin with, it is quite unfortunate that the country witnesses’ three increases in the pump price of petrol in three months despite battling realities of COVID-19 pandemic. The present hike is not only daring but anti-people. As such, it places more burdens on poor Nigerian households. It is time to call the government and its various organs to order, they cannot continue to arrogate and misappropriate powers without considering its economic and security implications to the entire country. “In as much we expect the market forces to regulate the cost of the petroleum products, Nigerians should expect a likely upsurge in prices of goods and services and by extension, the cost of living. PMS and other petroleum products are very strategic commodities, so you cannot allow the prices of these commodities to be determined wholly by the marketers. “However, market forces should not be determining cost of fuel in a country that does not have functioning refineries. If Nigeria had functioning refineries, access to the product will come at cheaper cost with more competition by marketers. “Unfortunately, the nation is still importing refined petrol and citizens continue to bear the brunt of fluctuating market prices. By implications, the likely increase in the cost of transportation will see more residents living too far from their businesses and offices attempting to relocate. This will also cause an increase in the price of houses in commercial locations in different states of the federation. Senator Chris Ngige, The Minister of Labour and Employment, said discussions were still ongoing between government and the organised labour as well as other stakeholders on the matter. He rejected attempts by people to foil the ongoing discussion, adding that government will at the right time do appropriate pricing for petroleum products but not without taking other issues into consideration with a view to ensuring Nigerians don’t suffer on account of any price increase in petroleum products. He added: “Government has deregulated petroleum products and market forces have to dictate pricing. That notwithstanding, the government has decided to give it a human face by agreeing to some palliative measures that will make the price realistic and affordable to the ordinary Nigerians. Major Oil Marketers Association of Nigeria(MOMAN) faulted the composition of the meeting, saying no marketer was included among the committee that would deliberating on fuel pricing in the country. The question on the lips of Nigerians is: Is the Federal Government testing water on possible increase in the price of fuel? Only time will tell.