LAGOS  – The Executive Director, Centre for Aviation Safety and Research (CAS-R), Engr. Sheri Kyari has said that only intense competition among airlines on routes could crash airfares. Kyari in an interview with our correspondent in Lagos, also said that airfares are determined by the law of supply and demand, but noted that the load factor in the Nigeria’s aviation industry was still poor compared to other countries, even on the continent. He further said that the recent reduction in air traffic in the country was due to different factors, which included slow recovery of the aviation sector in Nigeria, adoption of Information Communication Technology (ICT) for virtual meetings, emergence of a new airline, United Nigeria and acquisition of low fuel consumption airplanes by some operators in the sector. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Finum Aviation Services, airfares in Nigeria were not globally competitive and sustainable. He emphasised that in most developed countries, airlines charge about $105 and above for an hour flight, about N55,000 one way, while most airlines in Nigeria charge between N28,000 to N47,000. Tension At Bridge-Head Market Over Appointment Of Caretaker Committee Chairman NIWA Set To Move 1, 000 Cargoes To Onitsha Port He said the latter figure may apply to the passengers who buy tickets at the point of departure, noting that if service providers come together to agree on a bottom line air fare, such was just to keep them in business and not sharp practices as claimed in some quarters. “If there are many flights by different airlines from Lagos to any city in Nigeria, competition will be fiercest and one benefit of this is crashing of prices, and in this case, airfares. However, the aviation industry passenger load factor is still poor because the national economy is yet to pick up. “Again, many national and global events are utilising the zoom application for conferences, meetings, symposia and others and restricting travels by many people. Many tourist sites are either shut down or operating at minimal levels.” Besides, Kyari lamented that the Nigerian aviation industry was faced with myriads of challenges, which could contribute to collapse of some bourgeoning businesses in the industry. He specifically mentioned the absence of foreign exchange and the crash of naira against major currencies as some of the factors that put the nation’s airlines at a disadvantage. Even, when the airlines are able to raise naira for spares and other overseas purchases, the foreign exchange is not available. Undoubtedly, that is a genuine fear to predict the collapse of the industry if the economy does not improve. “Load factor is low and other service providers to the airlines are not reviewing their fees down, it may not be long before the airlines are muzzled to death. The International Air Transport Association (IATA) has projected that 2021 may not be the recovery year for aviation; therefore airlines should be contented with being afloat till next year. “One was expecting that with