ABUJA – A group, under the auspices of Coalition of South East Professionals Network in Nigeria and Diaspora, has said South Easterners stand a better chance to benefit more in an indivisible Nigeria than associating with the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) under its leader, Nnamdi Kanu. The Group buttressed its position by claiming that Kanu recently changed the registration status of the proscribed group in the United Kingdom (UK). insisting that it has vindicated their earlier position that the fugitive was using the platform to achieve personal and selfish desires. In a statement made available to SATURDAY INDEPENDENT by its National President, Professor Madumere Chika and National Secretary, Anayo Uchemba, respectively, maintained that Kanu’s agitation for the realisation of the republic of Biafra was anything but altruistic. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The coalition urged well-meaning Ndigbo in particular, and Nigerians in general, to disregard the “terrorist” group and their activities, which it insisted, were inimical to national security and progress. Also in the statement, the professionals recalled that they had recently alerted the public on the development in the UK, wherein Kanu was reported to have registered IPOB as a “community interest company”. Ogun Monarch Writes Off National Border Commission Trailer damages 3 flyover bridges on Lagos -Ibadan expressway They also alleged that Kanu has since “filed zero income in UK financial report”, ostensibly to pave the way for the personalisation of the group. “How can Kanu change the registration status of IPOB to his personal business if he truly means well for his followers? Kanu and his wife remain the sole signatories to IPOB’s main account in Germany, is this not clear that it’s a personal business?”. “This has completely vindicated our stand that Mazi Nnamdi Kanu is just a common fraudster who is only out to make money and other personal gains for himself and not representing the Igbo nation”, the professional group stated. In its reaction, the proscribed IPOB had dismissed the position as false, describing CSEPNND as “faceless”. In a statement by one pseudo Emma Powerful, who purports to be the publicity secretary, the proscribed group insisted that IPOB had not effected any change in its registration documents, “The attention of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) ably led by our great leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu has been drawn to the ridiculous and fallacious media report that our Leader has altered the registration documents of IPOB and converted same to his private estate with his wife, Mrs. Uchechi Okwu Kanu as one of the signatories. “The stupid claims emanating from a faceless group and DSS-creation masquerading as Coalition of South East Professionals Network in Nigeria and Diaspora (CSEPNND), only exists in the imagination of those behind the trash. “There is no iota of truth in the above gibberish which only confirms that the DSS has run out of ideas in its propaganda war against IPOB. Assuming but not conceding to this tissue of lies, when and how has who owns and runs IPOB become the headache of these dullards? However, the Igbo professionals in reaction, maintained their earlier position, saying they would not dignify a group that did not exist, in the eyes of the law with a response to some of their questions which is out of frustration. “As a coalition of professionals, who have distinguished themselves in different fields of endeavours, we refuse to dissipate energy responding to a non-existent group, as doing so will amount to dignifying a ‘terrorist organisation’. “Yes, IPOB, by its acts of violence against the good people of South East, as well as threat to national security, has since been designated a terrorist organisation, having been so proscribed”, the statement read in part.