LAGOS  – The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) may, at a projection of $27.66 billion in a year, be paying N115 billion to beneficiaries of Diaspora remittances annually with the new Naira 4 Dollar scheme. Nigeria’s Diaspora remittance in 2019 was put at $21 billion by the World Bank. Even though the forecast showed that the remittance would have risen to $27.66 billion in 2020, experts believe the projection couldn’t have been met due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Forecast by PricewaterhouseCoopers had suggested that Nigeria’s remittance flows could reach $34.89 billion by 2023 if the policies were right. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! PwC in the forecast noted that the growth in remittances is subject to global economic forces, which could spur or hinder growth of remittance flows, growth in emigration, economic conditions of residing countries and poor economic fundamentals in the Nigerian economy. The CBN, which introduced a rebate of N5 for every $1 of fund remitted to Nigeria through International Money Transfer Organisations in its new forex policy, shared PwC’s forecast via its verified Twitter handle on Saturday, saying increased remittances ‘can only be accomplished if the remittance infrastructure improves and if the right policies are put in place.’ Access Bank Hosts International Women’s Day Fireside Chat GTBank Champions Access To Health Insurance For Women The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) last week said the introduction of its new “CBN Naira 4 Dollar Scheme,” which is already in operation, is aimed at providing Nigerians in the Diaspora with cheaper and more convenient ways of sending remittances to Nigeria. Godwin Emefiele, the CBN Governor, explained that the move was also to increase the transparency of remittance inflows and reducing rent-seeking activities even as he expressed optimism that the new policy measure will encourage banks and financial institutions to develop products and investments vehicles, geared towards attracting investments from Nigerians in the diaspora. He said the new policy is expected to enlarge the scope and scale of foreign exchange inflows into the country with a view to stabilising the exchange rate and supporting accretion to external reserves. More importantly, he said it would provide an opportunity for Nigerians living abroad to make investments in their home country. Reiterating the provision of the new circular, Emefiele said the bank introduced the rebate of N5 for every $1 of fund remitted to Nigeria, through International Money Transfer Operators (IMTOs) licensed by the Central Bank in order to incentivise the process of remittance. He explained that the rebate will be provided to the bank accounts of beneficiaries, following receipt of remittance inflows. Emefiele emphasised that the new measure would help to make the process of sending remittance through formal bank channels cheaper and more convenient for Nigerians in the diaspora. Osita Nwanisobi , the bank’s spokesman and Acting Director, Corporate Communications Department, while commenting on the issue of round-tripping, explained that there was a maximum amount that could be remitted through an IMTO, adding that no customer could send $100,000 through an IMTO. Though he admitted that the CBN action does not go far enough in offering total reimbursements, Nwanisobi said it was a step in the right direction in reducing the cost burden for Nigerians remitting funds to Nigeria. While also noting the existence of initial challenges of network integration, Nwanisobi reiterated Emefiele’s assurance that the CBN would continue to work assiduously to resolve the few challenges that were remaining.