 NICHOLAS UWERUNONYE The Joint Border Patrol Team (JBPT), says that it has arrested a syndicate of women illegal immigrants who specialise in stealing and reselling fabrics from market women in Kaduna and Kano, DAILY INDEPENDENT has been told. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to the Comptroller, Olugboyega Peters, the suspects were all women from neighbouring countries of West Africa but had a Nigerian male as accomplice. Explaining how men of the JBPT accomplished the task, the Comptroller said the team comprising operatives from the Office of the National Security Adviser (ONSA), National Intelligence Agency (NIA), Nigeria Police Force, Nigeria Immigration Service, Nigeria Army and other agencies that make up the JBPT, while conducting stop and search along Lokoja – Abuja highway, on the 21st of February, 2021, intercepted one Mazda 626 with registration number ABJ 187 BF, conveying five (5) women from Zuba Abuja to Lokoja in Kogi State. Enugu NLC, TUC Kick Against Bill To Decentralise National Minimum Wage Minimum Wage: NLC’s Needless Protest Won’t Stop NASS – PGF DG “On searching the vehicle, 15 bundles and 18 pieces of wrappers were found to be concealed in the bonnet and another component of the vehicle,” explained the JBPT Coordinator. Preliminary investigations, it was learnt, revealed that the five women are from different countries of Chad, Ghana, Mali and the Niger Republic. Their names were given as Fatima Mohammadu (38) from Niger Republic, Judith Kofi (29) from Ghana, Fanta Camara (30) from Mali, Fadima Taore ((37) from Chad, Fatimata Camara (39) from Benin Republic. The driver of Mazda 626 Mufutau Woye (34) is a Nigerian from Kwara State but resides in Kubwa FCT Abuja as a commercial driver. He was only hired to transport them “to and fro” Kogi State, according to the suspect. They were found to be illegal immigrants without any means of identification. The investigation further revealed that they operate as a syndicate comprising of two groups, specializes in duping and stealing of women wrappers and most times using ‘charms’ to perpetrate the alleged crimes. According to details furnished the newspaper, one group of the syndicate operates in Kaduna and the other in Kano axis and the focus prominently on big shops selling women wrapper. The two groups came into the country through Katsina and Seme illegal routes. Fatima Mohammadu, the Nigerien, is the leader of the group. She invited and harbored Fadima Taore in the country. A Nigerian, Aisha by name and resident in Kano, met Fatima Mohammadu and Judith Kofi in Libya and brought them into Nigeria. Camara and Fanta Camara were brought into the country by their Nigerian boyfriends from Benin Republic but were later abandoned in Nigeria. Fatimata Camara, Fatima Mohammadu and Fanta Camara confessed to stealing 15 bundles of the wrappers worth N255,000 in Kogi State. Comptroller Peters says that the suspects will be handed over to the appropriate authorities for further investigation.