\The debilitating effect of COVID-19 on the world is simply inconceivable. Nothing, not even the World Wars, is anything near it. Just as the effect of the pandemic on nations varies, so also are responses from different countries in their attempts to shake off the crippling impact of the pandemic. Incidentally, last Wednesday, two different things were happening in the United States of America and Nigeria. While the U.S. House was passing the audacious $1.9 trillion Covid-19 relief plan of President Joe Biden, there were upheavals across state capitals of Nigeria as Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) members led workers to protest against the plan to remove minimum wage from the Exclusive List. Biden’s 628-page bill, named the American Rescue Plan, will send direct payments of up to $1,400 to most Americans, expand aid to state, local and tribal governments; provide federal subsidies for those struggling to afford health insurance and increase assistance for housing and food. It would also spend tens of billions of dollars to expand Covid-19 testing and vaccine distribution as part of Biden’s pledge to provide enough doses for “every adult in America” by the end of May. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Several leading economists and experts have advocated additional aid, as Democrats touted forecasts that the plan would accelerate economic growth, boosting it to levels not seen in recent decades while dramatically reducing the poverty rate. Some early analysis released last week found the legislation would dramatically reduce the number of Americans living in poverty, particularly among children and people of colour. Buhari’s Shoot-On-Sight Directive: The Best And Worst Case Scenarios (1) Why Many Nigerians Are Leaving The Country According to the Washington-based Urban Institute, the relief package would shrink the annual projected poverty rate for 2021 from 13.7% to 8.7%. It would more than halve the number of children living in poverty, while cutting the poverty rate by roughly 42% for Black Americans, 39% for Hispanic Americans and 34% for white Americans. Meanwhile, workers under the aegis of Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and Trade Union Congress (TUC), threatened to shut down the economy if the House of Representatives passes the bill intended to move the minimum wage legislation from Exclusive List to Concurrent List. The Bill, sponsored by Mr. Garba Datti Muhammad, scaled second reading at plenary of the House of Representatives presided by Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila about four weeks ago. It seeks to alter the 1999 Constitution (as amended) to, among others, transfer the subject matter of minimum wage prescription from the Exclusive List, set out under Part I of the second schedule, to the Concurrent List set out under part II of the Second Schedule of the Constitution. Datti (APC: Kaduna) argued that the Bill, referred to the House ad hoc Committee on the Review of the Constitution for consideration, was part of the measure required to ensure true federalism and devolution of powers in the country. The lawmaker had argued that it was improper for the Federal Government to impose the N30,000 minimum wage on states whose means of income and resources differ. He said if the bill sails through, the recurring labour conflicts between the government and labour unions would be nipped in the bud as labour unions can negotiate wages for their members in their respective states. According to him, under the Independence and 1963 Constitutions prescription of minimum wage was a concurrent matter to be legislated upon by the National Assembly. He also contended that a decentralised minimum wage was necessary to reflect socio-economic variables such as differences in the cost of food, the cost of transportation, the cost of children’s education, the cost of health care services, rent or the cost of housing. He referred to the United States, where, according to him, the minimum wage is a concurrent subject-matter. He recalled that in 2018, the minimum wage in 29 U.S. states was higher than the federal minimum wage. However, Mr. Ayuba Wabba, the National President of Nigeria Labour Congress, who led hundreds of members to the House of Representatives, vowed that the organised labour would resist the passage of the proposed legislation. Saying the decision to vest in the Federal Government the power to fix minimum wage was in tandem with international best practices, he blamed bad governance for the problem associated with the non-implementation of the N30,000 minimum wage. He said, “I also know governors collect the same salary across the country, councilors, members of state and National Assembly collect the same salary, so why is the case for workers different? “Governors collect humongous security votes that have not been used to address the issues of insecurity in the country. If we reduce all of these, I am sure we would have more than enough to pay minimum wage. Minimum is minimum. It is a national benchmark.” It is clear where all of this is coming from. The state governors are behind this. They have always kicked against the peanuts called minimum wage but they have never themselves considered it necessary to vary the salaries of governors and legislators to reflect the realities in their respective states. The timing of this is also misjudged. How can any legislature that means well for the people that voted them into office be moving for this when even the N30,000 which many state governors have failed to pay, is unreasonable when compared to the reality on ground in the country today? Garba Datti Muhammad, in advancing his argument told us that a decentralised minimum wage was necessary to reflect socio-economic variables such as differences in the cost of food, the cost of transportation, the cost of children’s education, the cost of health care services, rent or the cost of housing. But what he seemed to have lost focus of is that these variables also apply to the governors and legislators, so, why are their salaries the same? He also said the Bill referred to the House ad hoc Committee on the Review of the Constitution for consideration was part of the measure required to ensure true federalism and devolution of powers in the country. Is Datti telling us that this same lily-livered National Assembly has the balls to push for devolution of powers and that his ill-timed Bill is part of a plan to grant us the much desired true federal structure, the lack of which has remained an albatross to our national development? While in America, legislators are moving to empower their citizens by ensuring that their spending power is enhanced to ameliorate the impact of the pandemic, ours are conspiring with governors, who have never thought it wise to prune down the cost of governance and reduction in their lifestyles, to further impoverish the people. Any state governor that cannot pay minimum wage of N30,000 should be gracious enough to consider himself a failure, and should not have been a governor in the first place, especially when you realise that these governors still have enough to maintain their over-bloated governments of too many political appointees and their hangers-on. Some of these governors, that complain most, especially from the northern parts of the country, after leaving office, end up being richer than their states. For me, the expose in this is that the much desired true federalism is long overdue. We cannot on one hand be clamouring for decentralisation of minimum wage, while refusing to decentralise the police force, for instance, and allowing the states to grow at their own pace, like it applies in the US, which Datti mischievously cited. We cannot continue to have a behemoth and unwieldy central government while the states are increasingly being weakened. What comes to state governments, by way of allocation, should be more than enough to pay the miserly N30,000 if only our states governments would be prudent in managing state funds. In many of these states, wastages arising from over-bloated wage bill and the seemingly intractable problem of ghost workers as well as the gluttonous lifestyles of state governors are more than enough reason to cripple any government. So, Datti, the hand of Esau, should go and tell the governors, the voice of Jacob, that they should first decentralise their salaries, so that the governors of Lagos, Rivers or legislators from the states, for instance, shouldn’t be earning same salaries with the governors or legislators from Imo, Ondo or Yobe states. Only then can his argument make any meaning.