Nigeria’s economy handed the World Bank, International Monetary Fund (IMF) and other pundits a surprise package. Contrary to informed projections that the negative growth that it plunged into in the second quarter of 2020 would persist through the third quarter of 2021, the economy lumbered out of recession in the last quarter of 2020. The presidency is clapping over the pleasant surprise from a battered economy. However, many are too skeptical to celebrate the sudden end of Nigeria’s second recession in the last five years. Those in the presidency who roll out the drums to celebrate the end of recession are inauspiciously taking credit for what resilient citizens, rather than clueless leaders did for Nigeria. The federal government did practically nothing to get the economy out of recession. The N1.5 trillion earmarked for reflating the economy was something of an insignificant drop in an ocean raging in anger of a tidal wave. Besides, no one knows how the money was spent. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The economy was lifted out of recession by a combination of stupendous growths in the telecoms and agricultural industries. The telecoms industry’s strange growth was the ambivalence of COVID-19 lockdown. The phenomenal growth rose from the ruins of the transportation sector. In the middle of 2020 when COVID-19 lockdown grounded the entire transportation industry as movements were severely restricted, the telecoms industry sprang to live as alternative to physical movements. Teleconferences and zoom meetings replaced physical meetings that could no longer hold. Bleeding Us To Death With Debt! (3) Insecurity: Magashi, Where Are The Killer Herdsmen? (1) Consequently, the telecoms industry recorded a bumper harvest in voice calls and the use of data which resulted in multiple increases in revenue. The telecoms industry’s contribution to GDP has therefore crossed the 15 percent mark while the transportation sector is just managing to catch up in terms of growth. Agriculture sector sprang what probably was the biggest surprise during the crisis. Though the lockdown did not completely halt farming like it grounded the transportation sector, two of Nigeria’s great adversaries did everything to thwart farm activities. In November 2020, Islamic lunatics giving the Nigerian army a keen contest in the north-east over their abhorrence of western education took their lunacy to unprecedented proportions. They marched into rice farms and slashed the throats of 70 farmers. That single incident sent shivers down the spines of farmers in the whole region as no one in the defence headquarters could guarantee the safety of farmers. They abandoned the farms in droves. What the Islamic lunatics could not accomplish in parts of the country outside their jurisdiction, murderous Fulani herds men with the mindset of the Boko Haram lunatics helped to extend the destruction that drastically reduced farm produce. They led their cattle into farms in other parts of the country and fed them with crops cultivated by subsistence farmers through primitive method of farming. In some parts of Akwa-Ibom state, the cattle were as wicked as their herders. They did not only consume cassava leaves in the farms, they pulled the stems, uprooted the tubers and ate in apparent anger. The seasons crops vanished as the peasant farmers watched helplessly. It was strange that the agriculture sector dared those traumas and recorded significant growth that joined the buoyant telecoms industry to pull the economy out of recession in the last quarter of 2020. The economy grew by 0.11 percent between October and December 2020. Perhaps, the most significant contributor to the recession exit was the massive increase in crude oil price. COVID-19 collapsed demand for crude oil in May 2020 sending prices to unprecedented lows. At a certain point crude oil had no value in the international market as traders were practically begging buyers to evacuate some cargoes to give them space to store incoming ones. It took more than seven months for crude oil price to climb to $40 per barrel. The recovery however became significant in the last quarter of 2020 as it inched up pretty close to $50. As at the close of last week crude oil traded above $69. That is the major reason for the prompt end to recession. The federal government is at the moment selling crude oil at a price almost $30 per barrel above the 2021 budget oil reference price of $40 per barrel. That is a big boost to the ailing economy. However, those celebrating the end of recession may be doing so rather pre-maturely. The economy may be grudgingly recording miserable growth, but it is still deep in distress. Nigeria’s unemployment rate has reached alarming proportions and an economic growth in low single digits cannot create enough jobs to reverse the social time-bomb that is already exploding in northern Nigeria in the form of unprecedented banditry, organized kidnapping and bare-faced domestic terrorism. The economy of Cote D’Ivoire, a tiny West African country rated a distant number-73 in world GDP ranking, is projected to grow at 6.5 percent in 2021. Nigeria’s economy would be lucky to grow by 1.5 or two percent in 2021. There are just too many hindrances to growth. The power sector privatisation of November 2013 is a calamitous failure. The federal government corruptly handed the generation and distribution arms of the defunct Power Holding Company of Nigeria (PHCN) to cash-strapped, inexperienced and incompetent firms hurriedly floated by the cohorts of those in power. Since the ill-fated privatisation, the federal government has subsidised the private firms that were called in to end the financial asphyxiation in the industry with more than N1.5 trillion. Government is now subsidising both the operators and consumers in the industry. Under privatisation, the industry has become even more expensive for government to run than when it owned it 100 percent. Consequently, Nigeria’s eternal darkness has just worsened with industry operators spending massively to generate power as the pump price of petrol climbs with increase in crude oil price. Nigeria’s eternal darkness is a huge incentive for low economic growth and the unacceptably high rate of unemployment. Welders, barbers, fashion designers and hairdresser who cannot afford micro-power generators have been priced out of business. No one has an answer to their joblessness. Besides, the country’s intractable security crisis is at the root of the worsening unemployment. It has made it impossible for domestic and foreign investors to make direct investments. CBN effort at diverting idle funds to direct investments through low savings deposit rates in banks has only succeeded in diverting funds to the capital market where it is generating massive capital gains to few investors without creating jobs. Ironically, no one has a concrete plan to fix the worsening security crisis. The ticking time-bomb is already exploding in northern Nigeria and no one can make any direct investment that would create jobs there. The year 2021 would therefore worsen a bad unemployment problem even as the economy lumbers out of recession. Even as the economy was deep in recession, inflation, man’s invisible enemy was surging in what amounted to double tragedy. Under normal circumstances, inflation and recession are like light and darkness. One flees at the emergence of the other. But Nigeria’s economy is something of an enigma. It has allowed inflation and recession (light and darkness) to cohabit because of gross mismanagement of the exchange rate of the naira and Nigeria’s excessive dependence on imports. It is largely imported inflation that is cohabiting with recession. Inflation, the invisible thieve would steal more money in the pockets of Nigerians in 2021 as it eats into the purchasing power of the naira even as the bank notes remain in everyone’s pocket. At the rate of 16.4 percent, headline inflation is surging menacingly, and nothing can stop it. Food inflation is spiraling at 20.5 percent and may hit 25 per cent by May. The federal government is caught between petrol marketers and labour leaders in a rancorous debate over petrol subsidy. If the debate goes the way of marketers and government orders massive increase in petrol pump price, inflation would just steal 30 percent of the purchasing power of the money in everyone’s pocket.