The presidential ambition of Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi state received a major fillip few days ago when the National Youth Council of Nigeria, the representatives of Nigeria’s youths in all the 36 states of the federation, including the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) presented him an award of recognition as the “Doyen and Mentor of Nigerian Youths”. While presenting the award, the President of NYCN, Amb. Sukubo Sara-Igbe Sukubo said the award was given to the governor in appreciation of his youth inclusion in governance as well as support and advocacy for the Nigerian youths. According to him, if other leaders in the country could emulate the Governor’s youth inclusiveness drive, various youth’s agitation would be doused. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Amb. Sukubo added that no Government in the country have given the youths a voice like Governor Yahaya Bello adding that aside from the domination of his cabinet by youths, he had severally given youths the enabling environment to thrive with several pro- youths legislations, initiatives and programs. He assured the Governor that he has the support of the youths through the NYCN’s network which spans the whole 36 states of the country. For Ambode, No Respite Yetw In Lagos APC LG Boss Urges Residents To Report Suspicious Movements To Security Agencies Receiving the award, Governor Bello who thanked the NYCN for the recognition noted that he was humbled to have been recognized by the National youth body as the ambassador for the Nigerian youths. He also appreciated President Muhammadu Buhari for the recent appointment of a 40year old Mr Bawa Abdulrasheed as the new chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) nothng that he has again demonstrated his love for the youths and his desire for them to succeed him. The Governor however expressed pain and worry over the rising intolerance between various ethnic and religious groups in a different part of the country nothing that Nigerians seem to now be taking laws into their hands and were unleashing terror against one another. He noted that youths were the actors as victims of these recent events with several women and children also as victims adding that the end result was the worsening of the poverty condition of the country due to the destructions of properties and livelihood. He alluded that most conflicts in the country were social-political because they were social problems made worse by politics being spearheaded by selfish interest breed of politicians who are only concerned with advancing their personal cause. The Governor however called for honesty in addressing the social inequalities in the Nigeria Society, affirming that courage and forthright leadership were required in tackling evolving concerns of Nigeria. Governor Bello noted that his administration inherited a largely divided Kogi State with several communal and ethnic conflicts as well as displacement of people from their home settlement, but his administration in five years have been able to solve all of these with decisiveness. He noted that in Kogi State, love, peace and togetherness have been established irrespective of tribe, religion or social class whether indigenes or visitors noting that the tool for conflict resolution was the political will not play one tribe, religion or locality against another and the rejection of any agenda that elevated normal social problem into a political weapon. The Governor counselled that youths must not take excuses from politicians to justify the existence of security threats, they must refuse hasty generalization which demonizes an ethnic or religious group because of the criminal conduct of a few amongst them and that youths must hold leaders accountable for their electoral pledges as leaders must not be allowed to escape reckoning by playing on sentiments. Speaking on why Nigerian youths are clamouring for the governor to contest in the forthcoming presidential election, Hon. Abdullahi Bello, Kogi state chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC) said Yahaya Bello has the qualities needed to improve on the achievements of President Muhammmadu Buhari and make Nigeria better if elected president in 2023. He said Nigerian youths who are impressed with the governor’s achievements in Kogi have been going across the country with the message that they need a youthful president like Governor Yahaya Bello as the number one citizen of Nigeria in 2023. Bello who said the governor’s achievements in the areas of security, road infrastructure, healthcare and education can be replicated on a larger scale if elected president, added that Nigerian youths and women are at the forefront of seeing him succeed President Buhari in 2023. “He said: “As a man saddled with the responsibility of party administration in Kogi state, I believe we have done so well with the support of His Excellency, the governor, having won all the senate seats, 7 out of 9 House of Representatives and of course, the presidential election and the governorship seat, the governor in his own wisdom is doing wonderfully well”. “He is doing very well in the area of security, education, healthcare, economy and other areas. If given the chance, he can do better because today in Nigeria, one of the things Nigerians are clamouring for is a very good security architecture so that our lives and properties can be secured. “People saw the quality in the governor and they believe he can turn things around. “He is an ardent believer in President Buhari. He is a Buharist to the core and we believe that he can build on what the President has put on the ground. As the state chairman, having worked closely with him, I think he has the quality to turn things around if given the opportunity. Insha Alllah”. “Let me add that this is not the time for campaigns. Of course, the governor is not the one insisting he wants to run for the presidency. People saw the quality of leadership in him and they ask him to run. The agitation is everywhere, especially in his own constituency which is the youth”. “The youths are agitating that if one of their own can provide these leadership qualities in Kogi, then they should clear the centre for him. I think this is why the agitation is everywhere, especially among youths and women”.