ABUJA- Office of the Head of the Civil Service of the Federation (HCSF) has begun the development of a 5-year strategic plan(2021-2025) with a view to repositioning and transforming the Federal Civil Service. Dr. Folasade Yemi-Esan stated this on Tuesday in Abuja at the two-day sensitization workshop for key implementers of reform in the Federal Civil Service. It would be recalled that the Office of the Head of the Civil Service of the Federation, had in July, 2017 developed the Federal Civil Service Strategy and Implementation Plan(FCSSIP 2017-2020) which had ended in December, 2020. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Speaking about the sccessor plan, Yemi-Esan said it was aimed at having a new Federal Civil Service that would be world class for accelerated national development. She therefore challenged participants who are majorly Directors in charge of Human Resources Management; Information and Communication Technology; Reform Coordination and Planning, Research and Statistics to own the new plan and contribute immensely in its formulation. Nigeria Police Not Sincere About The Security Of Nigerians –Gani Adams Nigerians Shouldn’t Expect Improvement From New Service Chiefs –Oseni She said the new plan being developed would enable them to assess the areas the Federal Civil Service had done well and areas that need to be strengthened for effective service delivery. She further stressed the need for all critical stakeholders to be involved in the development of the strategic plan so as to give them a sense of belonging in its implementation. Commenting on the proposed improved welfare condition for civil servants, the Head of the Civil Service said a committee had been constituted by Mr. President to look at the workers welfare and ensure the harmonisation of their salaries and wages. She blamed the Salaries and Wages Commission for the delay in the harmonisation of salaries and wages of Federal Civil Servants. According to her, “You would recall that Mr. President instituted a committee on trying to bring salaries at par. “I am also a member of the committee. Whenever, I am going for a member, I normally take of a director with me. “Unfortunately, we have not had the kind of cooperation we need from Salaries and Wages Commission. “The committee cannot work unless we get information from Salaries and Wages Commission. “Please, if you are related to anybody in Salaries and Wages, they are the ones holding this matter down. “I am being sincere about this. We asked them to provide us all salary scales in service so that we can tabulate it and see how we can unify the scales.” Yemi-Esan noted that in spite of the Presidential directive on the improved condition of service for workers, that there was nothing to work with. “It is not as if Mr. President does not know that civil servants are short-paid,” she said. To this end, Yemi-Esan tasked the Directors to disseminate useful information to their subordinates in order to carry every worker along. Earlier, Permanent Secretary in the OHCSF, Dr. Emmanuel Meribole, explained that the end-term review of the FCSSIP 2017-2020 identified the need to improve communication and inclusiveness in the reform programmes for more impact. Meribole represented by a Director in the OHCSF, Mr. Ben Omogo, charged participants to address identified gaps and make useful inputs into the next reform plan.