Apparently determined to sustain the industrial peace in port operations at the nation’s eastern seaport, District Chairmen from out port stations of the Maritime Workers Union of Nigeria (MWUN) has reaffirmed commitment to ensure continuous harmony. The District Chairmen from the out ports who endorsed President General of the Union, Comrade Adewale Adeyanju for a second term re-election, maintained that the maritime sector had witnessed relative peace and harmony during the tenure of Adeyanju, thus the need for sustainability through the leadership style and quality of the incumbent. The District leaders of the union from the out ports comprising, Onne, Port Harcourt, Calabar and Warri described the union’s boss as a leader worthy of emulation. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to them, the incumbent President General has impacted positively to the lives of members of the eastern ports, thus the need to re-elect him. Speaking at a solidarity visit to the national Secretariat of the union in Lagos recently, the district Chairman in charge of Port Harcourt District, MWUN, Comrade Tony Nwokocha, expressed gratitude for the leadership prowess of the union’s helmsman in the last four years. We’ll Resist N2,000 Per Container Fee Imposed By CRFFN – Igwe Why NIMASA, NAVY Tighten Security To Secure Anchorage Area, Air Operational Assets He called on members of the union to embrace peace to ensure smooth port operations as it were in the last four years under the leadership of Adeyanju. The District Chairman said they had come to declare their supports for Comrade Adeyanju, pointing out that Adeyanju deserve a third term if not for the union’s constitution. “In our last conference somebody mentioned that labour will produce a president of this country one day and I want to tell Nigerian Labour Congress that we are ready because we have somebody to present and that person is the indomitable Comrade Adewale Adeyanju.’ “The MUWN is interested because we have the most qualified leader by name Adeyanju, in short Nigerian politicians should come and learn from MWUN of Nigeria. According to him, the PG’s attributes as ambassador of peace and humble character qualified him for re-election. “We want to use this medium to let our PG know that our coming to Lagos from out port is to declare our stand and we are here for PG’s second tenure. “At the out port, we don’t have any black sheep, we are here to declare our loyalty and total support for PG’s re-election. “The reason we want to re-elect our PG is because of his attributes as an ambassador of peace and a bundle of humility,” he said. The highpoint of the occasion was the presentation of branded T-shirts and caps to the President General as a mark of solidarity support. Comrade Tunde Bakare, District Chairman AMS / Intels, also speaking, reiterated that the incumbent President General will not be forgotten by members even after office, adding that his achievements are indispensable. He added that the port felt his impact in numerous ways thus the reason for the support. Responding, Comrade Adeyanju said that having being endorsed; he would use his second term in office to reposition some of the ills in the industry even as he maintained that the era of using workers as slave labour was over. Adeyanju said: “May be people think I am hiding my identity till I come back for second term. I don’t have cane to flog anybody, the only cane I have is to improve on the welfare of the workers. “If I didn’t sell you about eleven to fifteen years ago, this is not the time to sell you and my executive will never sell any worker. We can disagree but we will also resolve. “There are lots going on that we must reposition as a union. “There are some terminal operators who do not have the welfare of their workers at heart. They should prepare for us. “There are some employers of labour who believe that if they have not killed workers in their father’s land, they will not be recognised as employers of labour, they should prepare for the union. “The era of using the Dockworkers and shipping as slave labour in their fatbers’ land is gone forever. Dockworkers are not thugs and we must be given out own respect.” While appreciating the supports of the workers, the PG called for continued collaboration with the branches, districts and units for greater heights in the union.