Minna- In Niger state, the ancient city of Bida, headquarters of Bida local government area has been thrown into mourning mood as family of four died in an early morning inferno which engulfed their home while they were still asleep. The family members which includes two wives identified as; Hajiya Salamatu and Hajiya Jummai Kabaraini and their grand children Hauwa and Khairatu were burnt beyond recognition before help could reach them. The fire whose source could not be ascertained as at the time of this report, our correspondent learnt started at about past midnight Monday and by day break it has razed down the entire building which incidentaally belonged to the occupants. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Eye witness account told our correspondent on phone how neighbours tried all they could without success to gain entry into the building to rescue the occupants but unfortunately they could not succeed hence they all died. Apart from losing the four occupants to the inferno, the source said other valuables including moveable and immovable properties belonging to the family members including those living in Minna, Niger state capital were completely destroyed. Shock, Disbelief Grip Unity Garden Estate, Osisioma As Mobile Policemen Evict Occupants Despite Court Order CLO Tasks FG On Concession For Calabar-Itu Highway Also speaking, the head of the family, Alhaji Sallau Kabaraini told journalists that as the head of the family, he inherited the building from his father, Alhaji Ahmadu Kabaraini, a prominent indigene of Bida. Ahmadu describing the fire disaster as ‘very unfortunate’ however said the source of the fire remained a mystery though he is not ruling out possible electrical fault or power surge from the Abuja Electricity Distribution Company (AEDC). Meanwhile, the Etsu Nupe and Chairman Niger State Council of Traditional rulers, Alhaji Yahaya Abubakar through the Mayakin Nupe, Alhaji Yahaya Aliyu Mayaki has condoled with the affected family.