Britain has advised its citizens to leave Myanmar due to increasing violence and political tension. “Political tension and unrest are widespread since the military takeover, and levels of violence are rising,’’  the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office said in updated travel advice issued on Friday. It noted that there were military-ordered nighttime internet shutdowns, adding that money was becoming more difficult to access, with banks shut and automated teller machines not working. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! British nationals were advised to leave the country by commercial means unless they have an “urgent need’’ to stay. Although Myanmar’s military has suspended normal commercial passenger flights, relief flights were available, and most can be commercially booked. Okowa Congratulates NFF President, Amaju Pinnick On FIFA Seat Victory Petrol Hike:  IPMAN Directs Members To Revert To Old Price Of N170 Those who cannot leave were advised to stay home and safe and avoid crowds when they would  need to leave home for essential reasons. Since a military coup at the beginning of February, there have been daily mass demonstrations in Myanmar. The protesters demand the release of de facto leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, and  reinstatement of her civilian government. The military is increasingly trying to break the resistance. International appeals and sanctions imposed on the generals  by the U.S. and Britain, among others, have so far had no effect. According to estimates by the Assistance Association for Political Prisoners a non-profit organisation in Myanmar, more than 60 people have been killed since the beginning of the protests and about 1,900 arrested. Citing an analysis of 50 videos, Amnesty International has said the military junta in Myanmar is deliberately using lethal weapons against participants in peaceful protests in what amounts to extrajudicial executions. (dpa/NAN)