Damaturu- National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has on Monday registered 854 Corp Members for the 2021 Batch ‘A’ stream one amidst Covid-19 Preventive Measures. In her address on the occasion, the Coordinator NYSC, Yobe State Mrs. Hafsat Yerima congratulated them for successfully completing their various courses of study which qualified them for called-up for national service.“The NYSC programme provides you the opportunity to contribute to the development of your country and also to rediscover and prepare yourselves for the journey into successful adult life”. “Dear Compatriots, the major objective of the NYSC scheme is to remove all barriers militating against national integration such as tribalism, sectionalism and religious intolerance. In this respect, the need for national cohesion which necessitated the establishment of the scheme 47 years ago is still very much relevant in today’s Nigeria”. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “Consequently , the essence of bringing you all together from different parts of the country to embrace a new culture is to enable you appreciate the differences and similarities in our culture which serves as a strong binding cord”. “Therefore , as the agents for the campaign to foster a greater, united, peaceful and prosperous nation it is your duty to work assiduously towards the realization of the noble objectives of the NYSC scheme”.She reminded them that making a success of the service year begins with their good conduct in the camp; as the orientation course content is deliberately crafted to instill in them discipline, industry at work as well as commitment to national goals and aspirations. 15-Year-Old Edeani Wins National Scientists Presidential Award Selection Of Next VC: LASU Liberators Insist The Best Must Emerge Mrs. Yerima enjoined them to obey camp rules and respect camp officials. She urge them further, to take the language lectures seriously; “as your ability to communicate effectively with your hosts will hasten your integration and effectiveness”. “As you are well aware the novel coronavirus pandemic that has continued to ravage the world has no known cure as such you are implored to wear your face mask, wash your hands with liquid soap regularly and also observe social/physical distancing in all activities. In addition, all programmes and activities here on camp will be conducted in line with the safety protocols and guidelines of the covid-19 Presidential Task Force. For the avoidance of doubt, anyone caught flaunting the rules will face the full wrath of the rules governing the operations of the camp. You are therefore, strongly advised to observe strictly ALL safety protocols of covid-19, “A word is enough for the wise”. “Ladies and Gentlemen, at the close of registration a total of 854 Corps Members males females were registered and I am glad to note that so far they have been of good behaviour. This is a clear demonstration of the fact that they are already coming to terms with the reason for which they have been mobilized for national service and that we would have a smooth exercise by God’s grace”. She thanked Him. Mai Mala Buni, the Executive Governor of Yobe State “for his uncommon support to the scheme. I also like to appreciate the state Chairman NYSC Governing Board, Hon Goni Bukar Lawan (Jagaban Potiskum) and his team for their selfless effort in ensuring that the enabling environment is created for the scheme and Corps members to thrive in the state. To our collaborating agencies and my lieutenants, I thank you most sincerely for your cooperation”. “Once more I welcome our dear compatriots to Yobe State “the Pride of the Sahel”. I wish you all a fruitful orientation course”.