A monarch in Yewa North Local Government Area of Ogun State, Oba Akintunde Akinyemi, has accused officials of the National Boundry Commission (NBC) of indolence, alleging that they have been ineffective and have not been performing their functions. Oba Akinyemi, the Eselu of Iselu Kingdom, in a telephone interview with SUNDAY INDEPENDENT on Saturday, maintained that for a very long time, he has never seen any official of the commission in his domain visiting to find out how things have been in the area. The monarch, who lamented the porous nature of the border communities, maintained that the border commission, which ought to be overseeing the welfare and development of border areas, had neglected its roles, stressing that the officials had long abandoned their responsibilities, thereby rendering the agency moribund. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Oba Akinyemi stressed that the agency needed an immediate and thorough shake-up to ensure that its importance was felt by the people who he said, had been demoralised as the area lacked federal presence, especially in areas of development and security. He maintained that the indolence and ineffectiveness of the commission’s officials had contributed to the state of insecurity in border areas, lamenting that his subjects had been migrating to the neighbouring Republic of Benin due to insecurity occasioned by frequent attacks by armed Fulani herdsmen. Convocation: DG, Be Good Ambassadors, DG NCA Charges New Graduates Trailer damages 3 flyover bridges on Lagos -Ibadan expressway He said: “The Federal Government set up the National Border Commission. But, they are invisible. For several years, I have never seen them in my area. Where are they? “They just sit down in their offices taking salaries every month without doing anything, while the border communities are subjected to all sorts of attacks and neglect. “In the border area, we have the menace of herdsmen and kidnappers. Children do not go to school. They grow and become smugglers. “Since the Fulani herdsmen invaded our area, children have not been going to school. Again, parents do not go to farms because of the herdsmen’s menace. This is giving us a lot of concern. “The officials of the National Border Commission, who should have been of help to our people are nowhere to be seen. We are just abandoned to our fate. This is affecting development of the border towns.” The monarch, therefore, called on President Muhammadu Buhari to urgently set up an investigative team to probe the activities of the National Border Commission and, if necessary, remove all the bad eggs in the agency, to make it effective and deliver on its mandate.