ABEOKUTA – Governor Dapo Abiodun of Ogun State, his deputy, No­imot Salako-Oyedele, and other members of the State Executive Council, on Mon­day evening received the As­traZeneca vaccine. The Governor and other cabinet members took the first jabs of the vaccine on Monday after a brief cere­mony a couple of hours after taking delivery of the 50,000 units of the vaccine donated by the World Health Organi­sation (WHO) and the Feder­al Government. A statement issued on Tuesday by the Chief Press Secretary to the Gover­nor, Kunle Somorin, also disclosed that a former Governor of the State and a National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Olusegun Osoba took his dose of the vaccine on Tuesday at the Governor’s office Clinics at Oke Mosan, Abeokuta. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Dr Abimbola Olaitan, a long-standing frontline work­er, who had been managing the State Isolation Centre in Abeokuta since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic was the first to take the vac­cine in the State on Monday. Thereafter, the Commis­sioner for Health, Dr Tomi Coker, administered the first jab of the vaccine on the Gov­ernor and was followed by the Deputy Governor and other members of the Cabinet. Julius Berger Accomplishes Record Project Deliveries In Port Harcourt Parliamentary Staff Overwhelm NASS Security, Demand Financial Autonomy For State Legislature Those vaccinated against the COVID-19 pandemic include the Secretary to the State Government, Mr Tokunbo Talabi; Chief of Staff to the governor, Sal­isu Afolabi Shuaib; Com­missioner for Finance and Chief Economic Adviser to the Governor, Mr Dapo Okubadejo. Also vaccinated are Bud­get and Planning, Olaolu Olabimtan and Information and Strategy, Waheed Odusile as well as other key function­aries. The Governor after being administered his first dose of the vaccine appreciat­ed President Muhammad Buhari for providing the leadership that enabled the country to receive almost four million vaccines, say­ing that the leadership being provided by the President in the last thirteen months is worthy of emulation. Governor Abiodun while noting that the vaccination was a symbolic exercise done to show to the people how safe the vaccines are for the people assured those that would be administered with the vaccine that the state would get the next set of vaccines to be administered as a booster dose very soon. Speaking after taking his jab, former governor Oluse­gun Osoba said he took it upon himself to come for the vaccination to encourage others not to hesitate to take the vaccine.