Damaturu- Residents of Janga-Dole Community in Fika Local Government Area of Yobe State on Monday decried it’s six months power outage due to faulty Transformer that remains unrepaired. A concerned resident of the community who gave his name as Malam Adamu told Daily Independent that the lingering darkness in the area had paralyzed commercial and social activities in the community. “Our Transformer spoiled since September, 2020 up to now we are in darkness”, he said. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Adamu said that it was painful that neither the power supply company nor their elected representatives showed concern to their plights in either repairing or replacing it with a new one. According to him “it is so disheartening that our neighboring Communities enjoy regular power supply, while we are in perpetual darkness. We in Janga-Dole are living peacefully and law abiding citizens who maximumlly support all government policies and programmes.” NNPC, Usmanu Danfodiyo Varsity To Collaborate On Development Of Energy Conversion, Storage Worries As Egypt, S/A Dwarf Nigeria In Solar Energy Rating “We have been supportive to the government of the day through casting our votes in Elections. We are therefore appealing to the state Governor Mai Mala Buni, Senator Ibrahim Mohammed Bomai representing Yobe South senatorial district, Federal legislator, Bala Abubakar Ajeje, our member in Yobe State House of Assembly, Alhaji Yakubu to join efforts in salvaging our hardships, the weather now is pathetic and we are approaching fasting period, it has resulted in water supply problems.” “We reported the problem to the concerned authorities but yet we couldn’t see anything done, when our neighboring Communities are enjoying power supply,we are in darkness, it is very bad, this continuous outage is becoming unbearable”, he said. A Barber who spoke on the condition of anonymity revealed that the outage had affected his business, such that he spends a lot to buy petrol to his generator. He said, “We are operating at a loss to the outage, they should please fear God and repair it, we are going through hell.”