LAFIA- Group under the aegis of Migili APC Vanguard has on Sunday lauded developmental strive of governor Abdullahi Sule’s led administration and APC the ruling party in the state. Comr. Usman Kyari the Chairman of the group, who disclosed this in an interviewed with DAILY INDEPENDENT, said the group is a combination of progressive APC members in Jenkwen Development Area which aimed at promoting the ideas of APC and the develomental strive of governor Abdullahi Sule’s led government in the state. He the Migili APC vanguard is a group that is cut across all the 42 Migili speaking communities in the state. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Usman Kyari, informed that their aimed was to go on crusade to publicise the develomental programme of government of governor Abdullahi, Sule and the ruling party in the state. According to him,” we want to comment governor on his rural transformation agenda of his government particularly Agude- Ashupe Ome Atabula road. Education Remains Pivotal Factor In Achieving Any Meaningful Development In Any Society- Tambuwal NGO Urges Probe Into $1Billion Missing Arms Fund “And I want to put in record that Agyaragu Kyakale -Kwara and Doka road the contract was awarded by past administration but the work has been abandoned, we are appealing to present governor Sule, to complete the road project because must of farm produce from area are coming from that road. “So many appointments has been happening in Nasarawa State we are happy just like I said, but we will always ask for more,” he said. On the cordial relationship amongst APC members in Jenkwen Comr. Usman Kyari explained that the relationship is very tight; adding that everybody has burial his difference for the sake of the progress of the party in area. As I am speaking with you now they have agreed to work in a team for the progress of the party and administration of governor Abdullahi Sule. “They have visited our Paramount ruler to present themselves to him and affirmed him of theirs cordiality as one big family as I am talking to you now Migili APC members are one now. The group through their chairman Usman Kyari, promised to work for the victory of governor Abdullahi Sule come 2023, in the state.