The Director-General, Nigerian College of Accountancy Dr. Kayode Olusola Fasua on Saturday charged course 25th and 26th graduands of the College to be good Ambassadorsof the College as they continue to distinguish themselves in their areas of engagements. The Director General of NCA in his remarks at the 9th Convocation ceremony for courses 25 & 26 of the College, congratulatedall graduands, most of whom he said were already inducted members of the college great Association. “ Today marks another milestone in your academic and professional pursuit. We are indeed proud of you all, but I dare to say that to whom much is given, much is equally expected.” HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He seized the opportunity to encourage all to constantly developed their capacity in every area of their lives stressing that ANAN has provided a lot of capacity building platform for all to take advantage. He equally called on graduands to give back to the College in every area that is possible. Ogun Monarch Writes Off National Border Commission Trailer damages 3 flyover bridges on Lagos -Ibadan expressway He appreciated the President and Chairman of Council, Prof. Muhammad Akaro Mainoma for the leadership and support he gave to the College to get to its current height. Responding on behalf of the graduands, the President, NICASS Course 25, Sunday Angai appreciated management and staff of the College for their understanding and for their spirit of tolerance throughout their period in the College. He called on his colleagues not to disappoint the College by making the most of the knowledge they have acquired wherever they find themselves. The President advised that the Vision and Mission of the College should be the creed of their profession. The occasion was attended by many dignitaries with Governor Lalong who was represented by his deputy Governor Prof. Sonnie Tyoden as special guest of honour. 