Third Party Motor Liability Insurance Policyis facing a freshhurdle astheinsurersareembarkingon rate-cutting and other unethical market conducts, according to reports. Third Party Motor Insurance policy is one of the Compulsory insurance classes, and it is sold at astandard rateof N5,000butsome insurers are still cutting the rate making the policy vulnerable to a sharp decline. Also noted is that customers stillprefer topaylessthanthestandard cost that would guarantee them actual claims not minding the implication in case of a third party damage caused by such policyholder. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Our finding also revealed the sales of the policy through the Unstructured Supplementary Service Data (USSD), channel, otherwise known as mobile insurance, are being undermined by rate cutting. This is due to the fact that some insurance companies still sell third-party motor policies below the standard price of N5,000 ($13.12). Consequently, most customers would rather buy at the reduced rate than through the USSD channel. FBNInsurance, STI, Saham Unitrust, Leadway Make List Of Best Claims-Paying Insurers Leadway: Accelerating Insurance Claims Payments Through Technology This was confirmed by some insurance companies that have embraced the USSD platform in selling their products. They complained about the decline in patronage for that line of businessduetothepracticesof other companies. The USSD is a simple self-servicesolutionthatenablescarowners/users to purchase authentic third party motor insurance via their mobile phones. The platform guarantees customer convenience, easy and secure access, real-time interaction and speedy service. Mr Samuel Ogbodu, the Managing Director of SUNU Assurances Nigeria, while speaking on thedevelopment, said: “Theuseof the USSD platform to sell motor insurance is a flagship initiative of SUNU in the industry. Unfortunately, somecompaniesarenot selling at the rate of NGN5000 at which we are selling; as a result of that, wearegetting lowpatronage that iswhytheproductisperforming below expectations.”