LAGOS  – Christians have been advised on the essence of weighing the associations they keep in order to reach fulfilment. Baba Aladura, Dr. Israel Akinadewo, gave the charge during a seminar, ‘Value Added Partnership: Pathway To Success’ to mark his birthday. The Prelate, Prophet and Supreme Head, Motailatu Church Cherubim & Seraphim Worldwide (MCCSW), noted that partnership with the right people was of great importance, as moving with the wrong people would spell downward movement. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He advised individuals to ensure they partner with those that would be sincere in letting them know when they go wrong instead of surrounding themselves with praise singers. Also, he said that the importance of partnership with God through evangelism and godly character cannot be overemphasised in the lives of Christians. Upholding Your Dignity And Respect As A Man NIREC Seeks End To Environmental Pollution Categorising added value partnership into three – spiritual, life and secular – the first Vice President of Organisation of African Instituted Churches (OAIC) in his presentation, stated, “I want to infer from my own understanding that partnership involves our associating with others to achieve our objectives. This is where Added Value becomes germane to our choice of partnership.” On spiritual partnership, he cited that contrary to the perception some denominations have about the Aladura sect which he belongs, the sect originally has nothing to with fetish acts but being bold in exposing the works of darkness, declaring the mind of God and soul winning. He added that miracle seeking individuals were the ones that made soothsayers appear as genuine Aladura prophets. Going memory lane, Akinadewo stated: “The Christian denominational group (Aladura) that I belong to until recently with the emergence of younger and theologically balanced leaders centred mostly on matters of individual spiritual concerns. These include barrenness, unemployment, stagnancy in all facets of life, ailments, delayed admission, delayed marriage, delayed promotion, and failure on electoral matters, et cetera. Before I proceed, I would like to state with historical evidence that as a young Levite, I witnessed situations where these were linked to attacks from close relations, which led to open confessions after prayers. “From the time of Saint Moses Orimolade, the founder of Cherubim & Seraphim worldwide, to his immediate followers like Elder Onanuga, Elder Ogunyadi; other women spiritual mothers like Mama Deborah Christianah Olatunrinle, to the lineage that I came from, Saint B. A. Adekahunsi and my father, Saint I. M. Akinadewo, evil-doers were exposed. This stereotypically and superstitiously became mostly the only concentration of some uninformed members of Cherubim and Seraphim prophets and the church adherents. “Whilst the mentioned leaders concentrated on soul-winning by preaching good behaviour and good Christian virtues, which led to the confession of the evildoers of the society, some generations to this moment stereotyped the gullible adherents with incomprehensible superstitions threatening the true revelations of genuine prophecies. This is in line with the bible quote that my people are destroyed for lack of knowledge. This stereotype spiritual beliefs deny the real knowledge of the scripture that not all problems are as a result of attacks, but our iniquities, the testing of our faith, and the necessary challenges to get to our Promised land.”