ABUJA  – The Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Otunba Adeniyi Adebayo has assured Kano State government of the Ministry preparedness to partner with Kano State Chambers of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture (KACCIMA) in the rehabilitation of the state trade fair complex. Speaking during a courtesy visit to the ministry by Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, the Minister said Kano State deserved a state of the art trade fair complex as the commercial nerve centre of the Northern Nigeria. A statement by the Media Assistant to the Minister, Ifedayo Sayo, quoted Adebayo as commending the Governor for his giant strides in the development of the state, saying he could bear good testimonies of the excellent performance of the governor which has attracted many industries into the state. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Ganduje had sought the assistance of the Minister in the development of the trade fair complex and provision of infrastructural facilities for the complex The governor said his administration embarked on a number of infrastructural projects to attract investors into the state, adding that his efforts have yielded a lot with over 120 industries established and many others revived. COVID-19: CACOVID Donates Incinerator, 260 Oxygen Cylinders To Lagos Manufacturing Production Value Declines To N2.36trn – MAN He pointed out that the state has not only become the commercial nerve centre of the Northern Nigeria, but also for some West African countries, particularly Niger and Chad. He lauded President Muhammadu Buhari for the Ajaokuta-Kaduna-Kano gas pipeline project, saying Kano State was prepared to take advantage of the project. Besides, Ganduje also praised Buhari for the construction of the Lagos-Ibadan-Kano railway project and the approval of modern railway station in Kano. He assured the Minister that his administration would provide the enabling environment for private businesses to thrive, saying this informed the establishment of the Kano Inland Dry Port which would be completed in September this year.