Architects of Nigeria’s 2021 budget are either incurable optimists or pathologically devious. Despite all the handwriting on the wall, they ineptly misled Nigerians with a budget riddled with unattainable economic targets. Practically, all the projections are falling apart in less than three months into the year. The chronic optimists had predicated the 2021 budget on inflation rate of 12.6 percent and exchange rate of N380 to the dollar. The two projections have failed catastrophically. The failure of the budget projection on the exchange rate of the naira is partially responsible for the surging inflation which, apparently, is another failed projection in the budget. The naira has been devalued in the official window to N412 to the dollar. That is a devaluation of N32 naira in less than three months into the new year. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! With the naira collapsing like a pack of cards in the foreign exchange market, everyone knows that it would simply whip up inflation because of Nigeria’s embarrassing import dependence. The landing cost of imported petrol has surged to N186 per litre, thus pushing the open market pump price to a record N212.16 per litre. The federal government is locked in a rancorous debate with petrol marketers and labour leaders over the price of petrol. If the debate goes the way of the dubious marketers, the federal government would push up the pump price of petrol by something close to N50 per liter and consequently unleash a turbulent wind on the sail of inflation that would drive it perilously close to 30 percent. Rising Cost Of Legislative Activity PIB And The Host Community Trust Fund The escalating cost of imported petrol with its inflationary trend is the direct consequence of a defenceless currency in a disorderly retreat in the foreign exchange market. As at the last count in January 2021, headline inflation stood menacingly at 16.4 percent, about four percentage points above the 12.6 percent target set by the day-dreamers who slapped together the 2021 budget. At an intimidating rate of 20.5 percent, food inflation is already out of control and may be heading for 25 percent in May when the stock of the 2020 harvest is depleted and a new harvest still some three months away. The surge in headline inflation is the direct consequence of the tumbling value of the naira and Nigeria’s senseless dependence on imports. The dwindling purchasing power of the naira is simply imported inflation from foreign purchases with a weak naira. In 2014 when crude oil was $104 per barrel, the landing cost of imported petrol was less than half of what it is today, because the naira was trading at N170 to the dollar. It has doubled to N186 per liter because the naira now shamefully trades at N412 to the dollar at the official window. Food inflation is escalating because Nigeria cannot produce enough food with its primitive method of farming. Nigeria is the world’s largest producer of cassava, but last year’s inadequate rainfall has drastically reduced cassava yield. Consequently, a ton of cassava that sold for N15, 000 now sells for N80, 000. Nigeria depends on some 60 million subsistence farmers for 70 percent of the food consumed in the country. They clear the land with cutlasses and till the soil with hoes. They pray to God to send down the rain to wet they soil. If that fails to happen for one natural reason or the other, they experience massive crop failure and the cost of food items escalate proportionately. The subsistence farmers do not know anything about irrigation which the Israelites used to cultivate the land of Goshen in Egypt some four thousand years ago. Nigeria is a primitive society that does not believe in mechanised farming. It sows ineptitude and can only reap inflation as low yield and crop failure set the prices of food items heading for the stars. Nigeria’s intractable security crisis is another source of the surging food inflation. Peasant farmers in the north-east are sufficiently scared by the Islamic lunatics locked in a pyrrhic victory with the Nigerian Army over the insurgents’ biliousness for western education. Most of the farmers have abandoned the farms since the lunatics slashed the throats of 70 of their colleagues last November. The defence headquarters cannot provide the protection needed to encourage the embattled farmers to return to business. Murderous Fulani herdsmen are perhaps more detrimental to Nigeria’s food security than the Islamic lunatics in the north-east. The insurgents in the north-east control just a portion of the country about the size of the five states in the south-east. However, Fulani herdsmen are everywhere in the country. They march their cattle into farms cultivated by peasant farmers and feed them with crops from the hard labour of the subsistence farmers. No one dares to complain about the wickedness of the murderous herdsmen because the graveyard silence to their onslaught from the men in Aso Rock lends them tacit backing of the federal might. We believe that Nigeria can stem food inflation if it curbs the excesses of the Fulani herdsmen and gives serious consideration to mechanised farming. Besides, headline inflation can be curtailed if the Central Bank of Nigeria abandons its corrupt multiple exchange rate system and operate a single exchange rate that would stabilise the naira.