Honourable Ahmed Oseni, chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), was Lagos State House of Assembly candidate for Action Democratic Party (ADP) in the last general elections and chairmanship hopeful for Igando- Ikotun Local Council Development Area, in an interview with JOY ANIGBOGU spoke about insecurity, reason independent people should be involved in electoral act amendment and other topical issues. Excerpts: What is your thought on the State of insecurity? The state of insecurity is alarming, even before the advent of the EndSARS protests some of the States especially the South West region of the country have been clamouring for community or State policing, to see how best they can secure the States. When you say that the governor is the chief security officer of his State and he doesn’t have the security system that he can manage, to curb crime and secure the lives of citizens and property becomes a problem. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The inadequacy of some officers of the police force also compounded issues. It is right to say that some officers of the police are not there for national interest but for personal interests. It is unfortunate that these are the majority of the personnel that you find in Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS). These people abate crime and exploit innocent citizens. You will agree with me that this also affect the security in the country. After the EndSARS protests the police relinquished their duties. I would not say that they are afraid of doing their work but I think they want the people to feel their impact. What the police faced during the EndSARS protests was one of the hazards of the profession; every job has its own hazard. A lot of criminals took advantage of the EndSARS protests to perpetuate evil. Again, the issue of Fulani herdsmen is a national issue and if not properly handled would cause a huge national problem. Nigeria Police Not Sincere About The Security Of Nigerians –Gani Adams Maiduguri Blackout: Repairs Now 75%, Zulum Gets Update From TCN A lot of Nigerians are losing their lives as a result of the activities of the herdsmen. Some people call them bandits, others say they are Fulani herdsmen, either way, are the herdsmen ready to support the community to fish out the criminals. Today it is difficult to move on our highways, those in the agricultural sector are afraid of going to the farms. If you call these people herders, why are they armed? It is a national issue and if not properly handled can lead to tribal clashes, which is already happening. The government has a responsibility to get to work and ensure the country is secured, which is its primary responsibility Do you think that the new service chiefs would be able change the nation’s security trajectory? The service chiefs were not appointed to improve the country’s security. They former service chiefs were changed because they were due to leave the service. They were not appointed to reform the system. To reform the service would require that you change the modus operandi, but they are still operating under the same laws and constitutional guides, so you will still be getting the same result. When security policy is not changed, and you change the people, you will not get any new result. Some of the new service chiefs were subordinates of their heads and now their heads are gone, they would operate on the same level. The service has ethics and they would not go out of the ethics. So if there should be a reform it has to be a constitutional reform, which implies that what has been guiding them has changed and they would now operate under a new law. In other words, you are saying that Nigerians should not expect improvement in security from the new service chiefs. Is that what you mean? Yes. They shouldn’t expect any improvement in the security from the new service chiefs. The amendment of the 2010 electoral Act is on, do you think that would make elections in Nigeria credible? We should be more concerned about the content of what they want to amend. We have the legislators as well as the security agencies and other agencies of government that would be involved in the amendment. In amending the electoral act, the legislators belong to different political parties and during the period of amendment, they would take their parties into consideration. They would consider the amendments that would be favourable to their parties. Some people would not bend the rules because of their parties. A great number of politicians in political office are partisan politicians; they have strong belief and interest for their parties rather than the nation. Can we be sure of having a committee that is going to be independent that would do the amendments? If it can be done by independent people, who don’t have interest in politics but interest in the nation, then we can hope for a credible amendment. The independent committee would then present its work to legislators for approval; in that case it would be known that what they are approving does not give consideration to anyone of them but the interest of the nation. Talking of amendment of the electoral Act, will the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) be independent? Who is going to appoint the electoral officers? Are the electoral officers appointed to protect the interest of political parties? These are the issues to be considered. Part of the major part of the electoral act should be political orientation. If our political orientation does not change both from politicians and non politicians, then the electoral act does not work.