Igwe Dino Kingsley is the leader of Maritime Advocacy Group. In this interview with ANDREW UTULU, he bemoaned the excess taxation and levies imposed on importers, exporters, agents and transporters by the government agencies, shipping companies and terminal operators. Excerpts: May we meet you sir? My name is Mr. Igwe Dino Kingsley. I am the leader of Maritime Advocacy Group. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! This group is made up of maritime practitioners, comprising both the freight forwarders, transporters, labour and other sundry services in the maritime sector. We agitate for good business environment. We try as much as possible to ensure that people have a friendly atmosphere to do their work. Out Port Executives Of MWUN Assure Industrial Peace In Ports Why NIMASA, NAVY Tighten Security To Secure Anchorage Area, Air Operational Assets What informed the planned gathering of your members in Apapa, Lagos. ? Yes, everybody knows how the country is currently. We are all aware that the economy has not been very good. It is no longer news that our people are suffering. We are paying all manner of taxes that we ought not to pay. The government is levying us heavily; the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) is not making our job easier. We battle with multiple alerts from so many units of Customs. The shipping companies are not fare to us. We pay a lot of money, a lot of demurrage and so many other charges. The terminal operators do the same thing to us. The most recent and most worrisome is that suddenly again, from our own supposed regulator, the Council For The Regulation Of Freight Forwarding In Nigeria (CRFFN), is trying to impose another bill on us to be paying. They said we must pay Practitioners Operating Fees (POF). Most of our members pay registration fees at the beginning of the year, now NPA is imposing N2,000 per every container as POF. For what reason should this money be paid? To who is the money going to. What is it for? Who is going to manage the money? Where is the legislation that authorized that? We have never known CRFFN to a government revenue generating agency. They are supposed to be our regulator. They are supposed to fight for our interest, but we have never seen them intervened whenever agents are being maltreated, oppressed and victimised by shipping companies, terminal operators or the Nigeria Customs Service. They only sit in the comfort of their offices and impose bills on us to pay to enrich one or two of them. We say no to that. Are you saying there was no meeting point where all practitioners agreed to this payment? Not to the best of my knowledge. There was no meeting of such. We only saw on February 28, 2021, a notice pasted at Tincan Island Ports, Lagos, that from March 1, 2021, they will kick off with collecting of POF, from agents. We were surprised because there was no prior meeting or sensitisation to that effect. When did this start, there was no meeting, there was no sensitisation, there was no awareness, so when did they start all this? Immediately, this terminal, TICT started implementing it, other terminals, when I approached them, they say no that it is an illegality, it is fraud, and it cannot stand. People are suffering already. These are things that are causing insecurity everywhere. When people are being over –taxed, when they are made to suffer before they can make a living, some people will give up and start thinking of going into crime. This is because we are trying to earn legitimate living and NPA is making it difficult for us to achieve that. We should not make the country to go this way. It is the duties of every one of us to ensure the country go in a right direction. If the CRFFN insists on collection of the POF at TICT, what will be your next line of action? Of course we are not backing down. We will keep on pushing. We will picket them and make sure they don’t do any job until they stop it. This is because it is fraud, and we cannot allow it. We will also explore other legal means to put a stop to it. This POF of N2000 from CRFFN, is it a one-off thing or continuous payment or annual payment? This is per container of goods leaving the ports. It is a continuous one according to them. Note that every year people pay membership registration and renewal fee to the CRFFN. So, people pay for their company, register their company, and pay for their staff. They pay N150,0000:00 per annum. After this payment, you want to be collecting another levy per job at hand. Meaning if you have about 20 containers to deliver, you pay N2,000 on each of the containers. Now, calculate the number of containers that goes out of the sea port every week. This is what people have calculated and started planning to rip off the agents. What actually is the money meant for.? They said it is for the welfare of practitioners? What kind of Welfare? That is the question. Nobody cares about anybody. It is just to enrich the few. The masses are suffering. Most agents have died in the course of doing this job and nobody remembered their families. Once you die, they take the documents from you and give to another agent. You talk about different levies, multiple alerts from Customs, charges from shipping companies. In what neighborhood in terms of Naira and Kobo are all these levies you pay? That is a story for another day because by the time you start mentioning the amount we pay, right from the terminals, it is so ridiculous. Take for instance the shipping companies, go to MSC, the job that can take you 24 hours to do, you will eventually spend one week at MSC. Look at what we pay for transportation from Tincan Island Port in Lagos to Alaba International Market also in Lagos. You will be paying like N1.6 million to carry your goods. So, the environment is not good at all.