The recent concern expressed by the House of Representatives on the high operational costs of the National Assembly and the insufficient funds available to it have reawakened serious worries about the expensive nature of governance in the country and how far it has gone to badly diminish the capacity of government to fulfill several of its basic obligations to the citizenry. Indeed, a bloated and costly government has never advanced Nigeria’s corporate interests; instead, it, sadly, undercuts performance and slows down the wheel of progress and development. Nigerians would therefore expect that rather than seek further inflation of the National Assembly’s budget, the lawmakers should be propelled by patriotism to find ways of significantly reducing their outrageously jumbo operational costs and plough back the excess for the refurbishment of the country’s dilapidated infrastructures and the bettering of the lives of the populace. Airing the concern of the lawmakers, House of Representatives spokesperson, Mr. Benjamin Kalu, said at a press briefing last week that although the annual budget of the National Assembly was N128 billion, that figure was fixed when the exchange rate was N160 to a dollar, and so has become grossly inadequate in the face of today’s economic realities when one dollar has become equal to N400. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Mr. Kalu declared: “The House is broke. I have said it before and I am saying it again and I am not afraid to say it… that is why the House is indebted to contractors who provide one form of service or another…the poor budget of the parliament is a disservice to Nigerians. Let us be fair in our analogy; let us wear the right spectacles when we analyze and you will find out that this N128 billion budget of the National Assembly, that is divided among all the agencies under the National Assembly, that is divided among all the staff – over 3000 to 6000 members of staff, that is divided among all the aides, five aides per lawmaker – sometimes, people wonder if we really need those aides. So, if you ask me twenty times whether the National Assembly is broke, until they improve the budget of the National Assembly, I will say, yes, we are broke.” Before seeking further depletion of the national treasure to swell the purse of the National Assembly, the lawmakers may wish to really determine if some of the endeavours that consume these funds are indeed necessary? Why, for instance, should lawmakers stray into the function of the executive to undertake “constituency projects” when there are federal, state and local government authorities that are constitutionally mandated to execute such functions? PIB And The Host Community Trust Fund Apapa Gridlock Is Surmountable We understand the craving by lawmakers to use these projects in their constituencies to improve their electoral fortunes, but such duplications of functions are mostly mis-channeled, wasteful and more often grossly abused as large chunks of the funds find their ways into private pockets. Constituents should be educated to realise that lawmakers do not execute projects but make laws to facilitate effective governance. In civilised democracies, instead of lobbying to gratify selfish interests, lawmakers exert pressure to influence vital projects to be cited in their constituencies in exchange for their support for causes being pursued by the particular agency of the executive requiring their support. We must hasten to move away from the creation of drainpipes in the name of execution of constituency projects by lawmakers by ensuring total separation of powers and functions. Again, most constituency offices are not functional, if not non-existent. There have been allegations that lawmakers merely cite those mostly ghost offices only to line their pockets with salaries of the non-existent aides that are supposed to man them. We must insist that anti-corruption agencies should conduct regular and unscheduled audits of these constituency offices, to discover those using them to fleece the nation and cause them to face the law. Of the several issues that have provoked constant public outrage, salaries and allowances of lawmakers stand out. Given the very poor condition of Nigeria’s economy, such odious emoluments, being among the highest in the world, amount to flagrant profligacy. The lawmakers may wish to review downwards these grossly offensive take home packages and give back considerable chunks to the country for the provision of basic amenities. Questions have continued to be raised about the continued relevance of a bicameral legislature in Nigeria. No one can yet point to any tangible checks and balances their co-existence has achieved in the course of lawmaking for the benefit of the country. It is even worse that they have degenerated in most cases to mere rubberstamp institutions in their consideration of every obnoxious and anti-people bill brought before them by the executive. Genuine intentions may have informed their creation in the first place, but their clearly overlapping existence now can no longer be justified. Since they have become even too expensive to sustain, a constitutional review should immediately be initiated to significantly trim them down to one manageable legislative chamber capable of making laws for the benefit of the people. It has even become important and more beneficial to make their job part-time, whereby, they will only be entitled to sitting allowances. This will discourage the deadwoods who retire into the place to enjoy unearned income and encourage only patriotic, selfless and informed Nigerians to aspire to be lawmakers.