Real Madrid forward Eden Hazard has picked up another muscle injury and has been ruled out of the game against Atalanta on Tuesday night. Hazard played 15 minutes for Real against Elche on Saturday, his first appearance since the end of January. The Belgian has struggled with injury all season. But Real have now confirmed he has picked up another problem, which will see him miss the Champions League clash. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! In a press conference, he said: “He is not in a condition to be with us. We will release something now shortly and I cannot tell you more. Catholic Church Says Same-Sex Unions Not Valid Walmart Spending $500m On Canadian Store Upgrades, Closing 6 Locations “These are things that I cannot explain to you. I hope it is little because you have to be positive. He is a player who has never been injured or little in his career and this is a new situation for him. We are with him and we want him to be well. “We want to help him and we hope that he will be with us soon. I ask our fans to wait for him. “We know the player he is and our fans want to see him play, like the coach, the club and his team-mates. We are going to have patience and wait.” He added: “We’re trying to find out what’s happening. We’ve spoken about pre-season, about the number of games and also about things up here in the head, which influences a lot.” A statement on their website read: “After the tests carried out today on our player Eden Hazard by the Real Madrid Medical Services, he has been diagnosed with a muscle injury in the right psoas.” It added that the evolution of the injury will be monitored. Hazard, 30, has endured repeated injuries since joining Real Madrid from Chelsea for a fee that could yet rise to £150 million. The Belgium international had his first season in Spain disrupted by two major ankle injuries and made just 16 La Liga appearances. This season has been just as difficult. He missed six weeks at the start of the 2020-21 season with an ankle injury and then was unavailable for two weeks in November after testing positive for COVID-19. He injured his hamstring in his first match back and was also ruled out in February after suffering a thigh problem. Hazard was almost ever-present for Chelsea, however, missing just eight games through injury during his seven years at Stamford Bridge.