A non-governmental organisation (NGO) known as the “7th Republic”, comprising of youths drawn from different background across the country, has called on former Vice President Atiku Abubakar to run for the office of president in 2023. The group made the call at a news conference on Thursday in Abuja. Mr Kazeem Tanimu, Initiator and Co-convener of “7th Republic”, who spoke on behalf of the group, said the group was creating awareness towards “ creating a nation that works for everyone.” HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He said although the “7th Republic” believes in the ‘Not Too Young to Run” mantra, present challenges facing the country were too daunting for a young president to handle. “We are a coalition of people with no political affiliations and believers in the interest of our country and the emergence of a leader with the capacity to lead us in the right direction. IGP Orders Full Investigation Into Plot To Assassinate Ned Nwoko Road Accidents Claim 29 Lives In 2 Months In Osun – FRSC “You may think that 2023 is still far, but the reason we are talking about it now is that we want youths across the country to see reasons to speak with one voice. “The challenges facing our country requires a leader we can trust stabilise things, unify us and thereafter hand over power to the youths, and we believe Atiku is the right person. “We don’t want an Hausa, Ibo or Yoruba president come 2023, we simply want a Nigerian president and that is what Atiku represents. “We are still making consultations as youths, and we will approach him very soon in case he is not considering to run come 2023. “Donald Trump was 77 years when he left office , and Joe Biden is 78, so leadership is more about competence and capacity than age,” he said. Tanimu noted that successive leadership failure and corruption over the years have left ordinary Nigerians suffering in the midst of plenty.