LAGOS – Police have nabbed members of a notorious armed robbery and kidnapping gang that specialised in robbing, killing Point of Sale (PoS) operators in Aba, Abia State. The suspects made chilling confes­sions of how they killed their victims after dispossessing them of their mon­ies and other valuables. Investigation revealed that sever­al victims of the armed attack of the gang who were not lucky were hacked or shot dead, while several others sus­tained varying degrees of injuries. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! No fewer than seven of them were arrested in Abia State by the oper­atives of the Force Intelligence Re­sponse Team, IRT. The suspects identified as Basil Macdonald, Emeka Uche, Godwin Ra­fael, Uzoma Samuel, Sunday Chibui­ke, Godwin Kalu, and Abraham Thompson, were arrested recently after operatives of the IRT, deployed to Abia State, trailed and apprehended them at various hideouts. FG Announces Partial Closure Of Falomo Bridge For Six Weeks Rehabilitation From Sunday Osinbajo Urges Harnessing Of Nation’s Huge Population Investigation revealed that the sus­pects, who operate with a tricycle, mur­dered three victims of their kidnap/rob­bery attacks in three separate operations. The three slain victims were iden­tified as Ms Ezinne Grace Iroh, a fe­male POS operator. She was allegedly robbed and killed by the gang on Jan­uary 31, 2021, at Ukaegbu Street, in the Ogbor Hill area of Aba. Another slain victim was identified as Dr. Victor Chimaobi, also a POS op­erator at Market Road, by Kent Street, Aba. He was also robbed and killed by the gang on January 21, 2021. It was learned that the gang had also, on November 1, 2020, kidnapped Achinulo Ignatius, a 59-year-old man, at the Osisioma junction, along Enu­gu-Port Harcourt Expressway and killed the victim after collecting a ran­som of N2.5 million from his relatives. Saturday INDEPENDENT gath­ered that the activities of the criminal gang threw PoS operators and busi­ness owners in Aba town into a state of fear, forcing PoS operators to down tools, as they have become targets of criminals operating in the state. Following the development, it was revealed that a save-our-soul (SoS) call was made to the Abia State Governor, Okezie Ikpeazu, who swiftly sum­moned a security meeting, where he urged traditional rulers, vigilante groups, tricycle, and PoS operators to work closely with security agents in the state and supply them with infor­mation that would bring an end to the activities of the gang. The governor was also said to have offered a reward of N2million to any­one who provided information that would lead to the arrest of members of the gang.