Jos- 17 Princes from 4 Ruling houses of Kwo Chiefdom in Qua’an-Pan LGA of Plateau State have Indicated interest in the seat of Long Kwo stool. The new Long Kwo is expected to emerge Thursday ,18 February, 2021. This date was given by officials of the Plateau State Ministry of Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs at a meeting with the Princes of the Chiefdom and officials of Qua’an-Pan LGA. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! It would be recalled that the Chiefdom has been without a Paramount ruler since July 1988, after the last occupant of the seat, then of Third Class status, late Miskoom Hoomkwap II transited. Daily Independent gathered that before the announcement of the date of the selection of a new Long Kwo, 17 Princes from the four (4) ruling houses of Kaskang, Lakwaram, Npoema and Nuku, of this member of the defunct Kwararafa Empire, have so far indicated their interests to become the 27th Long Kwo. Gulu Community Foils Armed Bandits’ Invasion SEMA Pledges Support For Victims Of Rainstorm, Fire In Ekiti There may be more before the March 18, 2021 date. Top on the list of contestants among others include Miskoom Larry Peters Bawa, a businessman and an Executive Director of Duncan Group of Companies and Chairman Lamebakena Properties, Others are; Miskoom Hubert Isa, a retired seasoned civil servant; Miskoom Cornelius Shekarau, a former banker and business man; Miskoom Danladi Nkup, a farmer and Miskoom John Aloko, a retired civil servant. Other front liners are Ambassador Yahaya Kwande, former Nigerian Ambassador to Switzerland, whose ambition to occupy the seat was thwarted in 1990 because of procedural lapses in his selection; Miskoom Linus Layi Anden, the immediate past acting General Manager of Plateau Express Services Ltd; Colonel Fidelis Attahiru, a retired army officer, now a business man, Casmier Angulu, a retired civil servant and Hycent Isa Wambai, a farmer. Also on the lists of the contestants are the children of the last Long Kwo Miskoom Hoomkwap Sule II. They are Miskoom John Hoomkwap and Miskoom Ibrahim Hoomkwap. Others contestants are Miskoom Benedict Bamshal Mairiga, a medical doctor; Miskoom Shintoe Kwallat, Miskoom Martin Musa Dunggu, Miskoom Noel Niyu Dongkiem and Miskoom Kenneth Isa, a civil servant with the Plateau State Government. Whoever emerges this week Thursday March 18, 2021 selection will become the 27th Long Kwo of Kwo Chiefdom. Daily Independent gathered that the new Long Kwo would be saddled with the task of uniting a people, most of who hadn’t the opportunity of experiencing the role of a chief in the last 38-years. The new Long Kwo will face squarely the task of harnessing the resources of his people towards development as well as bringing the princes together in order to move the Chiefdom, with its abundant resources forward. Kwo Chiefdom, a Goemai settlement with capital at Moekwo (Kwande) is located in Qua’an- Pan Local Government Area of Plateau state. The area, a district, was upgraded to a Chiefdom of 3rd Class Status on April 3, 1981, (while maintaining its District position) by the Administration of late Chief Solomon Daushep Lar in his emancipation program.