Dame Pauline Tallen, Minister, Federal Ministry Of Women Affairs, on Monday urged Nigerian Women to rise against using innocent children as hostages by bandits or insurgents. Dame Tallen spoke at the press briefing for the commemoration of 2021 International Women’s Day in Abuja, lamenting that the trend is a setback in the gains made in advancing girl-child education in the country. The theme of 2021 International Women’s Day is “Women in Leadership: Achieving an equal future in a COVID-19 World.” #Ichoosetochallenge. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “As we rejoice over the release of the recently abducted students and Teachers of Government Science Secondary School, Kagara, Niger State and the girls from Government Science Secondary School, Jangebe in Talata Marafa LGA of Zamfara State, we must continue to condemn this unacceptable trend of using our innocent children as hostages by bandits or insurgents by whatever standard. Enough is enough! This is a setback in the gains made in advancing girl-child education in the country; which for us is the fulcrum of National Development. “As Nigerian women, we will ever remain united in ensuring that peace and tranquility is restored to this great African Nation called Nigeria. We may not carry physical weapons, but what we possess is greater. For all those who are causing these mayhems, my appeal today is that they will listen today to the voices of women who represent motherhood to stop all these mindless acts. When a mother speaks, the child is bound to listen, because of the divine role bestowed on them as nurturers. FG Using FTZs To Reduce High Unemployment Rate, Insecurity BREAKING: [Video] Ogun Receives 100,000 Dozes Of COVID-19 Vaccines “From all the happenings at the global and local level in the wake of COVID-19 pandemic, it is more obvious that we are globally connected, especially as women as we continue to experience the effects of the pandemic which has left in its path tales of woes and agony. “It has brought us all to the realization that we can no longer pretend that we are not bound by a common desire to see the increase in the quality representation of women, no matter our political differences in shaping our developmental Agenda” she said. The Minister disclosed that efforts are being made towards addressing the issue of quota and Affirmative Action in the appointment of women in public office. “I have held several Meetings with Mr. President, including leading a Delegation of Nigerian Women across party lines and other walks of life to meet with His Excellency, late last year. Some of our requests are the need toaddress the issue of quota and Affirmative Action in the appointment of women in public office, and also to direct that 1/3 of all elective positions be reserved only to be contested by women in the party structure, as applicable in many African countries (Rwanda, Uganda, South Africa, etc” she added.