The Kaduna State govern­ment said troops foiled at­tempt to kidnap 307 students of Government Science Sec­ondary School, Ikara, Ikara Local Government Area of the state. The Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr. Samuel Aruwan, disclosed this at a news con­ference in Kaduna on Sunday. Aruwan was at the Nige­rian Union of Journalists (NUJ) secretariat to brief newsmen on recent events in respect to the security situa­tion in the state. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He said between the late hours of Saturday night and the early hours of Sun­day, some suspected bandits stormed the Government Sci­ence Secondary School, Ikara, with intention to kidnap the students. “Fortunately, the students utilised the security warning system in place, and were thus able to alert security forces in the area. Gov. Uzodimma Decries Existence Of Ghost Workers On Imo’s Payroll Grammy Awards: FG Congratulates Burna Boy, Wizkid “The security forces, com­prising the troops of the Ni­gerian army, police and some security volunteers, moved swiftly to the school and en­gaged the bandits, forcing them to flee. “The military and police are still on the trail of the armed bandits,” he said. The commissioner said following a headcount by the school management, the Ka­duna State government could confirm that all 307 students had been verified safe and present. He added that the attempt­ed kidnap was foiled com­pletely and no student was taken from the school. Aruwan also disclosed that around Ifira village in Igabi Local Government Area, ban­dits attempted to attack a se­nior staff quarters around the Kaduna airport general area. “This attempt was also foiled as troops of the Nigeri­an Air Force and the Nigerian army engaged and repelled them, with several escaping with gunshot wounds. “The state government acknowledges the efforts of the security agencies in the recent rescue of 180 students in the vicinity of the Federal College of Forestry Mechani­sation, Afaka. “These efforts have being mentioned in interviews giv­en by some of the rescued students. “By virtue of access to the facts of the event, the Kaduna State government extends its unequivocal solidarity to the military, police, Department of State Services and other se­curity agencies, whose swift intervention prevented the bandits from abducting more stated. persons,” the commissioner He said government would maintain a clear focus at this time to ensure the safe return of the missing stu­dents, and to consolidate on intelligence gathering and security vigilance towards forestalling possible attempt on other facilities or institu­tions. “As a government, our focus is on getting back our missing students and prevent­ing further episodes of school abductions. We will continue to provide updates as further information becomes avail­able” Aruwan said. …Overpower Bandits Attempting Abduction Near Kaduna Airport Similarly, bandits on Sun­day morning made a second attempt to kidnap people at the Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) quarters in Kaduna. It would be recalled that 12 people were abducted when bandits breached the security of the quarters located before Kaduna airport about 2a.m last Saturday. Among those abducted were an official of the Nige­rian Air Space Management Agency (NAMA) and his fam­ily as well as the wife and kids of a staff member of the Nige­rian Meteorological Agency (NiMET). The bandits, who returned to the quarters on Sunday, met stiff resistance from a com­bined team of the Nigerian Air Force and Nigerian Army. A FAAN official, who asked not to be named, said the gunmen came through a different route. “They did not come through the airport side; this time around, they came through another side of the quarters but security agents were prepared for them.” A resident of the senior staff quarters said the ban­dits had targeted one of the houses in the premises but security agents overpowered them.