A low bed trailer car­rying excavator on Sat­urday damaged three flyover bridges on the Lagos-Ibadan express­way. Mr. Olaseni Bakare, the Federal Control­ler of Works in Ogun State, confirmed this to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in a telephone in­terview. Bakare noted that the height of the trail­er carrying the exca­vator was higher than the head room of the bridges, which made it to hit them and caused serious damage to the bridges. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He listed the bridges to include Alapako, Fid­iwo and Saapade, all on the Lagos -Ibadan. He stated that the driver tried forcing the vehicle through and in the process, damaged the bridges along the expressway, adding that the Alapako bridge was badly damaged. Week In Review: Buhari, Osinbajo’s Official Engagements Narrow Gauge Lines Not Inferior To Standard Gauge Lines – Minister “A low bed trailer carrying an excavator, which the driver claimed was coming from Ijebu Igbo and heading to Ibeshe, has caused se­rious damage to three of the flyover bridges on the Lagos-Ibadan ex­pressway. “The height of the vehicle with the load is higher than the head room of the bridges. From the look of the sit­uation, the driver ran into the first bridge at Alapako at a high speed and cut through all the main beams on the La­gos bound. “It continued to the Fidiwo bridge and forced his way through, and causing damage to some of the main beams. “While the vehicle passed under the Isha­ra bridge with some scratches on the main beams, he got stuck un­der the Saapade bridge,” he said. The FRSC and the po­lice had arrived at the scene to arrest the driv­er and impound the vehi­cle with the load. Bakare said that the contractor executing project on the express­way, M/s RCC Nig. Ltd. had been instructed to close the Alapako bridge to traffic as soon as pos­sible because of the ex­tent of damage. He stated that efforts were on to disengage the vehicle from the bridge before being towed to the Ode Remo police station, saying that the Divisional Police Offi­cer (DPO) was also at the scene.