The Speaker ,Ekiti State House of Assembly, Rt Hon. Funminiyi Afuye,has said that the state legislators needed no admonition to support the President ambition of governor Kayode Fayemi in 2023 . Afuye made the clarification  while receiving a group under the aegis of  ‘Our Belief Project’ led by its  Coordinator, Chief Adewunmi Abejide. The group is bent on dragging governor Fayemi into Presidential race ahead of 2023. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The speaker in his remark said “We know that if Governor Fayemi is given a higher responsibility, the members believed that he will surely not disappoint. “The candidature of Dr Kayode Fayemi in the forthcoming presidential elections should make any Ekiti man proud, because he had been administering Ekiti State the way late Chief Obafemi Awolowo governed the old western region, however , with a modern touch. Enugu NLC, TUC Kick Against Bill To Decentralise National Minimum Wage Minimum Wage: NLC’s Needless Protest Won’t Stop NASS – PGF DG “You don’t need to preach to us, we are with you on this and we promise to give you our full support”,  the Speaker said. The assembly’s position is in tandem with the one canvassed by the  Ekiti State Council of Traditional Rulers on the matter. The Obas Council Chairman and Alawe of Ilawe-Ekiti, ,Oba Ajibade Alabi recently hinted that a high powered delegation would  soon be set up by the monarchs to prevail on Fayemi to heed the  clarion calls by eminent Nigerians and stakeholders. Earlier , Abejide, the Chairman of the State Local Government Service Commission said they were in the house  to get the Assembly’s nod  to drag   Fayemi into the contest . He recalled the history from the  post independece Nigeria and concluded that it was high time Ekiti man became the nation’s President . Abejide said the group had  consulted notable leaders and traditional rulers across Yorubaland and  that it was clear that Governor Fayemi is the best man for the job. “I call on the House members, being representatives of their various constituencies, to join well-meaning Nigerians to prevail on the Governor to hearken to the voices of the people by contesting the presidency in the year 2023”. Another member of the group ,Hon. Femi Aregbesola, praised the lawmakers for their support and commitment for the transformation of Ekiti as contained in the vision of Governor Fayemi. Aregbesola  called for the support of the lawmakers towards achieving success in the Group’s objective.