Abuja- Members of Civil Society Group on Tuesday in Abuja took to the streets to protest the delay in the report of the National Assembly on social media bill. The placards carrying protesters defied the heavy presence of security operatives at the unity fountain and called on the Nigerian senate to make public the report of the public hearing conducted on the bill. Addressing journalists on behalf of the Coalition of civil society group, Maryam Ahmed said the bill has remained a threat to freedom of speech and digital freedom in Nigeria. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to her, the bill sponsored by Senator Muhammed Sani Musa in November 2019, has remained a lingering threat to freedom of speech and digital freedom in Nigeria. Her words: “Today, one year after, the future of free speech and democracy in Nigeria is still at the mercy of a Senate that appears to be uninterested in publishing the report of the public hearing, wherein the bill was overwhelming rejected, nor wiling to conduct a third reading on the bill where it is expected to be killed and buried eternally” Oyo NURTW Raises Alarm Over Attempt To Arrest It’s Members NNPC Has Powers To Make Running Cost Deductions From Source– Kyari The apparent lack of interest from the Senate in killing the social media bill suggests a sinister intent to pass the dangerous bill, which criminalizes freedom of expression, when Nigerians are least vigilant” “Despite several international instruments that Nigeria is a signatory to, and developments within the last one year that ought to serve as enough reasons to kill the social media bill, the red chamber remains unwilling to do so” She added that the social media has not yet passed into law but Nigerian government has already dealing with cases of internet censorship and occasional attacks on freedom of expression like the recent restriction of access to an online news medium, People’s Gazette website by some telecommunication providers in Nigeria. She stated that democracy can only be strong in Nigeria through the promotion of citizens’ rights, especially constitutionally guaranteed ones like the right to freedom of expression ” The social media has proven over and over to be a platform of equitable expression for Nigerians. To pass a bill like the social media bill will not only be a direct attack on equity and free speech, but it will fundamentally alter Nigeria’s democracy in ways that may lead to unforeseen troubles for the country” “We are, therefore, propelled to demand again that the Ninth Senate of Nigeria must not delay any further to kill and bury the social media bill permanently. “This follows a suspected intentional truncation of internet services in some parts of the country on October 20, 2020, during the #EndSARS protest, and particularly after the deadly attack on peaceful protesters at the Lekki Toll Gate, Lagos” Ahmed added.