ABUJA – The Board of Trustees of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has moved to resolve the crisis rocking the party. The BoT insisted that the NWC will remain in power to organize a successful convention in December 2021. Recall that there have been calls from different quarters for the Chairman of the party, Prince Uche Secondus and members of the NWC to leave office. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The BoT, in its resolution of its emergency meeting signed by its Secretary, Senator Adolphus Wabara, said they will meet with governors of the party to ensure a solid unity, also that they will do all within their power to ensure the party gets back to power in 2023. The BoT said: “With a determination to do all that is necessary to ensure that we fulfill the overwhelming desire of the vast majority of the people of Nigeria that the PDP regains national power in 2023 the board is unequivocally committed to ensuring that normalcy and peace prevails through all the organs of the party to permit the development and implementation of well structured plans. COVID-19 Vaccine Safe, Umahi Assures Ebonyi Residents Makinde Mourns Late Commissioner, Ayoola’s Wife “In this regard the Board of Trustees will ensure that a fluent and uninterrupted operation of all the organs of the party particularly the National Working Committee NWC remains in place leading up to a successful convention in December 2021. “The Board of Trustees will also ensure that very harmonious relations exist between the organs of the party and in this regard a detailed meeting between the BoT and the National Working Committee NWC is being planned to be held soon. “The Board is very appreciative of the commitment of our governors to the Party and the exemplary roles they have all been playing to keep the party at optimum operational level. The board will consult with the Governor’s forum on necessary measures towards solidifying the party.” The BoT also disclosed that this “emergency meeting has been particularly necessary at this time of heightened political and economic tension in the country, to ensure stability of all the organs of our party and to place them on alert and in sharp focus as we prepare to take over national political power once again for the best over all interest of our nation. “In this regard the meeting recognized with appreciation the ongoing work of the Reconciliation and Strategy Committee led by Senator Bukola Saraki.” The Board further said that it “will work earnestly towards ensuring that the highest level of morality exists in all its activities and that all the members of our party live up to expectation. “The board is therefore fully committed not to allow any mischievous trends or strain to clog the working relationship between all members, particularly at the top management level of the party.” Speaking on the crisis in South-South of the party, the BoT said, “the Southwest issue will definitely be taken care of and the Saraki reconciliation committee is at work and we do not want to disappoint the people this time around.” Addressing newsmen, the BoT said that the Constitution of the party will determine their zoning. Wabara said: “This party is not owned by any person so by the time we resolve all the issues in the party, we shall come up with a zoning formula. As you know, if you go through the constitution, you will realise that PDP is a party of zoning. “But when it comes to political exigences, you will realise that anything can happen, that is why we can amend our constitution at will to win an election. “I cannot place my finger on this zoning thing, I don’t have the authority, the relevant organs of the party will come up with its position when the time comes.” Senator Ibrahim Mantu on his part said that “zoning is in the PDP constitution, it is a party matter…….” Also speaking, Tom Ikimi said, “It is still too early for the PDP at this point in time to declare its position. “You know very well that APC has done five years now, politics as far as Nigeria is concerned is APC and PDP. PDP has to be very careful in dealing with this issue, we will take it step by step. I believe that your concerns will be taken into consideration when the decision will be made.”