LAGOS  – FBNInsurance Limited, a member of the Sanlam Group, and leading diversified, pan-African financial services group, was licensed to transact Life Insurance businesses. FBNInsurance officially commenced operations on September 1, 2010, providing coverage for individual and corporate clients. The company, the youngest start-up insurer in Nigeria with presence in strategic geographical locations across the country, offers peace of mind that comes from managing the risks of everyday life. With FBNInsurance, customers can save for a comfortable future and protect what matters to them. One of the firm’s primary objectives is to help people, businesses and communities get back on their feet when the unexpected happens. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The firm takes responsibility to make sure that it is there for its teeming customers both today and in the future. Drawing from the knowledge, experience and technical expertise of the Sanlam Group, the leading life insurer, from inception, plays a significant role in the development of the insurance industry in Nigeria. FBNInsurance, STI, Saham Unitrust, Leadway Make List Of Best Claims-Paying Insurers Leadway: Accelerating Insurance Claims Payments Through Technology To achieve this, the company anchors its operations on product innovation, efficient service delivery and prompt claims settlement. Aspiring to be the first choice insurer in financial security and wealth creation in Nigeria, FBNInsurance exists to safeguard the financial prosperity of its customers, while sustainably delivering value to all stakeholders with the understanding that its customers are more than just facts and figures of the business, that the firm appreciates their concerns, challenges, hopes and aspirations, the reason why it greatly esteems and values them. For FBNInsurance, The Customer is King. FBNInsurance believes that trust is an invaluable asset in its line of work whilst ensuring that in all dealings, in every contract, in relationships with all other stakeholders and in all. An Innovative life service provider committed to offering modern and tailor-made products and services which meet the yearnings and expectations of its customers, FBNInsurance is always forward thinking and focused on meeting the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their needs, a well framed decision in terms of environmental, social, and human impact for the long-term, rather than on short-term gains. “Above all, our company is Customer Centric, implying that in every aspect of our business, excellence is our benchmark as we focus on delivering a positive customer experience pre and post sales. So, whether our customers interact with our people, processes or products, they are sure to have an experience that is truly pleasing and rewarding. Only the best will do …because YOU really matter,” said Mr. Val Ojumah, the Managing Director and Chief Executive of the firm. Within the past two years, 2018 and 2019, FBNInsurance Limited had shown to be a financially reliable partner in risk management to its teeming clientele, paying claims as and when due. According to its claims analysis obtained by Daily Independent, the company paid out claims on Retail Distribution to the tune of N2,020,000000.00 in 2018 and N3,325,000,000.00 in 2019. Under corporate Distribution, the firm paid about N393,000,000 and N322,000,000 within the period under review while in Alternative Distribution portfolio, N207,000,000 and N286,000,000 were paid respectively to its clients. The Company also made its footprint in the Annuity Distribution under the Pension Reform Act 2014 as amended, paying the sum of N1,691,000,000 in 2018 and N2,968,000,000 in 2019 claims to annuitants over the period of review. FBNInsurance paid a total claim of N14,212billion in two years.