Reports reaching Independent has disclosed that 180 students have been rescued from several students missing following attack at Federal College of Forestry Mechanization, Afaka, Igabi LGA in Kaduna. In a statement made available by the Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, it reads, “Troops of the Nigerian Army in the early hours of today, Friday, 12th March 2021 rescued 180 citizens, many of them students, at the Federal College of Forestry Mechanization, Afaka, Igabi local government area of Kaduna State. “The armed bandits in large number had attacked the institution at around 11:30pm on Thursday and kidnapped several students and staff. The armed bandits broke into the institution by breaching a perimeter fence. They then encroached about 600 meters to attack the first facility.” HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “The Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs on receiving a distress call, alerted the 1 Division Nigerian Army and the Air Training Command of the Nigerian Air Force. Troops of the Nigerian Army immediately moved to the school and engaged the armed bandits accordingly. “The troops successfully rescued 180 citizens; 42 female students, eight staff and 130 male students. However, about 30 students, a mix of males and females, are yet to be accounted for”, Aruwan stated. 15 Seafarers Kidnapped By Pirates In Gulf Of Guinea EFCC Arrests 57 Internet Fraud Suspects, Recovers Two Pump Action Rifles In Ogun According to the statement, Some of the rescued students were injured and presently receiving medical attention at a military facility. He revealed that governor Nasir El-Rufai thanked the troops for their swift response and the rescue of the 180 citizens while he also wished the injured students a speedy recovery. “As at the time of this update, a combined team of Army, Air Force, Police and DSS troops are conducting an operation to track the missing students”, the Commissioner disclosed.