Ibadan- Oyo State government has declared that it was set to energize 28 transformers in the three senatorial districts in the State. Most of the transformers were procured during the tenure of former governor Alao Akala and were not energized throughout the duration of reign of late Abiola Ajimobi. The State Commissioner for Energy and Natural Resources, Barrister Temilolu Seun Ashamu stated this in a statement issued in Ibadan on Tuesday. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to him, the project would cost a sum of Two Hundred and Forty-seven Million Naira only to connect the transformers to the national grid. He revealed that the transformers were procured with public fund and they must be put into use for them to have value in the interest of the masses. SGF Attributes Jettisoning Of Values, Culture To Cause Of Economic, Political Disarray In Africa I Have Not Submitted Any Appointee List To Governor El-Rufai– Kaduna APC Chairman Ashamu reiterated the commitment of the present administration to boost socio-economic activities of the people as he called on citizens and resident of Oyo State to support Governor Seyi Makinde’s government for it to achieve all its laudable goals to move the State forward. He noted that those transformers were lying fallow and government could not wait till they become obsolete, especially when there were intense need for their services, especially at the rural areas. “These transformers have been lying fallow for a long time without any usage, we need to connect them to the national greed for the benefit of our people, especially at the rural areas. “We sent our people to every nook and cranny of the State to do the counting in Connecticut with the number we have on paper, so we have twenty-eight of them across the three senatorial districts of the State. “The installation process will cost the State the sum of Two Hundred and Forty- seven Million Naira only,” he hinted.