P/HARCOURT – All is not well within the rul­ing People’s D e m o c r at i c Party (PDP) in Bayelsa State. The fresh crisis is borne out of misgivings involving a chieftain of the party, Chief Pere­keme Kpodor and the immediate-past gover­nor of the state, Senator Henry Seriake Dickson. Just some few months ago, Dickson was al­leged to have sued Kpodor with a demand clause of N10billion as compensation for the damage done to his personality by Kpodor, having dented his public image by allegedly call­ing him a “thief ” during a campaign. Dickson is the first ci­vilian governor to win re-election since the cre­ation of Bayelsa State. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! In what many Bayel­sans see as a swift re­venge to the N10bil­lion suit against him, Kpodor went to the relevant Federal Gov­ernment’s agency and obtained mind boggling documents that spelt out the detailed information on the monthly alloca­tions that went to the state in eight years of Dickson’s administra­tion, between 2012 and 2020. Accordingly, Dick­son is alleged to have received as much as N1.04trillion in the pe­riod under review and the claimant main­tained that there was nothing significant that the past administration could point to in terms of achievement that could be commensurate to the amount of money in question. Journalists Laud Umahi’s Proposed N3bn #EndSARS Empowerment FG Victimising ASUU Members Despite Suspension Of Strike – ASUU Chairman In addition, he said Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) was not also declared through­out the period. Kpodor insisted that except the former gover­nor is compelled by the court and all the rele­vant anti-graft agencies, Bayelsans would contin­ue to be in the dark as to what the state generated internally besides the statutory monthly al­location and both local and international loans he allegedly obtained during his time. When he assumed of­fice as governor, Sena­tor Dickson worked out legal modalities in 2012 for the enactment of law that would enhance the compulsory savings of five percent of the total income accrued to the state into a designated account. Some of the accounts included: Bayelsa State Strategic Reserve and Savings account num­ber 0281206040 with the First City Monument Bank (FCMB). The second was the State Strategic Devel­opment Project Account number 1016076344 do­miciled with United Bank for Africa (UBA). Kpodor recalled that the former governor had once informed Bayelsa people that N2billion and N5billion respec­tively had been depos­ited in those accounts. But, the PDP chief­tain is miffed that the former governor failed to follow the precept of the compulsory savings law as stipulated. “There are no infra­structural projects in Bayelsa State that is any near (sic) commensurate to the monumental sum of N1,041,189,238,293.89 received as statuto­ry allocation from the federation account, let alone internally gener­ated revenue during the eight-year reign of the former governor,” he alleged. Kpodor, then a mem­ber of the All Progres­sives Congress (APC), vehemently supported the former Deputy Gov­ernor to Timipre Silva, Peremobowei Ebebi, who he described as “a man of integrity and of true conscience” in a build-up to the last sen­atorial by-election. He urged the elector­ate not to hesitate to collect any money that Dickson would dangle before them, as this was the commonwealth of all Bayelsans, but vote for Ebebi. These utterances did not go down well with the former governor who felt Kpodor called him a thief, thereby causing a huge damage to his integrity, hence, the N10billion law suit against the former Secu­rity Adviser. The burden is also on the former governor to proof the allegations of various sums of monies such as the N49.5million and N47.2million he al­legedly claimed in 2006 for the purchase of 10 portakabins and a gen­erating set as well as other official matters during his time as the Commissioner of Jus­tice and Attorney Gen­eral of Bayelsa State. The petitioner is of the opinion that for clear eight years when he lasted as governor, Dickson never conduct­ed elections into the local government coun­cils. The question he raised is: What then happened to the alloca­tions of those councils between 2012 and 2020? Accordingly, the ap­pointment of caretaker committee chairmen to oversee those councils was not a perfect idea to quicken the develop­ment of the rural areas. The prayers of the petitioner bother on the fact that the Feder­al High Court in Bayel­sa State should avail the EFCC, ICPC and other relevant anti-graft agen­cies the window to in­vestigate and prosecute the former governor for “mishandling of Bayel­sa State funds during his reign as Attorney General and Commis­sioner of Justice of Bayelsa State and his two terms as governor of Bayelsa State.” I’m Not On Revenge Mis­sion, Says Kpodor Baring his mind in a telephone interview on the litigation, Kpodor dismissed the story making the rounds in various social media platform that he was out to revenge the N10bil­lion law suit against him by Dickson. “Bayelsa people know me as a man who fights for the right of his peo­ple. We are talking about the commonwealth of the people of the state. It is important that the man that was in charge of that commonwealth comes forward and ex­plains to us how he man­aged our resources. It is not personal money. We want to know what hap­pened to our N1.04tril­lion he collected for eight years.” Kpodor is of the conviction that the ac­claimed infrastructure boasted by the past gov­ernor was nothing, but a mere “imagination” and not commensurate with the money that accrued to the state during his reign. “Let him come for­ward and explain to us what significant proj­ect he built in Bayelsa during his time for eight years. That is what we want to see, otherwise, he should be compelled to refund every kobo he squandered.” Kpodor may not be the only person that is questioning the finan­cial integrity of the former governor of the state. Bayelsa Airport Project Reappears It would be recalled that in a countdown to the November 16, 2019 governorship election in Bayelsa, the then embat­tled national chairman of the APC, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, had expressed shock that the state government under Dickson spent a whooping N100billion to construct the Bayelsa airport. Oshiomhole had said then: “Yu know the fact that the Bayelsa airport has been flooded. Is it President Muhammadu Buhari that flooded the airport? That contract, I put it to my dear friend and brother, Dickson, that it has entered Guin­ness Book as the most expensive runway ever built anywhere in the world. “Even the one they built from the river, from the sea, it didn’t cost half of that. So, it is an endless project. He shouldn’t throw blames.” Nevertheless, the history of the Bayelsa airport is as fascinat­ing, just as it is intrigu­ing. Former Governor Timipre Silva mooted the idea of a befitting airport in the state. He took a further step to invite late President Umaru Musa Yar’Adua to perform the founda­tion laying ceremony on a highly marshy farm­land. Billions of nai­ra was pumped in and months later, it became an abandoned project. Knowing the impor­tance of having an air­port of commercial and non-commercial capac­ity, Dickson went in search of a land, sand-filled same and began the construction of a brand new airport for the Bayelsa people. On whether the air­port is operational today is left for the former governor to ex­plain to Bayelsans who witnessed the first, and perhaps the last test run a few days to the last governorship election. While responding to Oshiomhole, Dickson corrected that the car­go airport project, from site clearing to sand fill­ing and actual construc­tion, cost the state gov­ernment N70billion, as against N100billion as peddled by the former APC national chairman. Abandoned International Conference Centre Besides the airport, another signature proj­ect that has smeared the eight-year administra­tion of former Governor Dickson is his neglect of the Cone-shaped Tower Hotels and Internation­al Conference Centre located at the heart of Yenagoa, the state cap­ital. Giving the rich cultural heritage of Bayelsa State and with a vision to boost the economy in addition to oil and gas, the late Governor Diepreye Alamieseigha had proposed the idea of a 5-Star hotel that would not only gen­erate resources for the state, but put Bayelsa on the global map of tourism. He did not live to breathe life into the project due main­ly to centripetal forces large­ly orchestrated by former President Olusegun Obasanjo that saw the latter thrown out of office as governor through a questionable impeachment process. Alamieyeseigha’s deputy and predecessor, Goodluck Jonathan, took up the project and barely put two floors on the foundation and left it at that point. It was intended to be a 14-storey building with 120 rooms and 2,500 capacity auditorium. Strategically located be­tween Bayelsa Palm Road along and the Government House, the spiral shaped clas­sic edifice had been in limbo over the years. Though Silva sunk in bil­lions of naira to raise the Tower from two floors that Jonathan left it to 18 floors, the era of Dickson witnessed a complete abandonment of the project. For eight years, the former governor did not put a block to change the face of the edi­fice which had become a relic of bad governance. The worry of most Bayel­sans is the fact that with the alleged N1.04trillion that came into the state’s coffers for eight years, couldn’t the Dickson’s government set aside N20billion to put that building on a world map of aesthetic structures. If truly the former gover­nor spent N70billion to con­struct a new airport from the start to the finish, what would it have cost the state to plough N20billion into a project that would only be complementary to the airport project? The airport was intended to attract local and foreign investors to the state. The investors would need a stan­dard hotel to lodge. But, sadly, the Tower has now become “a monument of disgrace”, according to former President Jonathan. The hotel project was sub­ject to a chess board of politi­cal debate between Sylva and Dickson, while it remained a huge conduit pipe for siphon­ing public funds since its con­ception. Sylva was said to have gone to the capital market to source for N50billion loan in 2009 to fund the project. Reports from the Financial Management Review Com­mittee set up by Governor Dickson in 2013 to review the actual amount of money ex­pended on the project, showed that over N3billion from the said loan was budgeted for the completion of the Tower in 2011. The committee, which was chaired by the former Man­aging Director of Niger Del­ta Development Commission (NDDC), Timi Alaibe, had indicted Sylva of financial recklessness, just as the re­port showed that the cost of the project was N13.9billion. “That 5-Star hotel project was at second floor when I came in as governor in 2007. It was a project started and abandoned by former gover­nor, late Alamieyeseigha. I came in and took that project from second to 18th floor. The project was initially award­ed for N8billion and I had already paid the contractor N6billion at a point. “Then the contractor came to me to ask for a variation of N5billion because the exter­nal works were not included in the initial contract they signed. “I told the contractor it will be too expensive a project because if we add N5billion variation to an already ex­pensive project of N8billion initial contract value, that will amount to N13billion and we have not included the fur­nishing of the hotel yet. And 18-storey five-star hotel is not going to be easy to furnish. So by the time we put all these things together, it would probably have cost us about N20billion to build one hotel in Bayelsa. I thought it was really not a viable project and that is why I withdrew from the project”, Sylva defended. Diri Weighed Down By Loans Kpodor further alleged in an interview that the former governor was responsible for the several loans so far obtained by Governor Douye Diri. He explained that Dickson was to leave about N13billion in the state treasury for the incoming APC government of David Lyon to start off with. “But, on noticing that the Supreme Court judgment fa­voured the PDP candidate, “he hurriedly siphoned the entire money thereby leav­ing the incoming government with no cash,” he alleged. Less than a month after his swearing in, Governor Diri had to borrow N2.9billion to buy cars for the officials of government. His fourth loan is around N17billion, which he claims is aimed at devel­oping the state and improve on its infrastructure. Stakeholders Sing Discordant Tunes Though the litigation against Dickson by the PDP chieftain has elicited a lot of reactions already, a group known as Civil Advocacy for Good Governance and Ac­countability (CAGGA), in its reaction, called on the Elders, Youths and Civil Society Or­ganisations in the state to in­vestigate the allegations of financial mismanagement brought against Dickson in­stead of being distracted by party loyalty and personality threats. National Coordinator of the Niger Delta group, Com­rade Preye Alamene, in a statement, said though the issue was thrown up due to the alleged defamation suit between the former gover­nor and a former Security Adviser, the crux of the mat­ter to the people of the state should be the alleged finan­cial wrong doing. “We are calling on Chief Perekeme Kpodor to furnish us with more facts in order to assist us with our investiga­tion into the issue of alleged plundering carried out by the previous administration. We, in turn, will make these facts more available to the Eco­nomic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) and the Independent Corrupt Practic­es and other related Offences Commission (ICPC) to assist in the prosecution of the for­mer governor and officials.” Alamene said “Our call for investigation is not limited to the administration of former Governor Seriake Dickson, but should be extended to the tenure of Dr. Goodluck Jon­athan, Chief Timipre Sylva and others. Hon Miriki Ebikibina on his part called for caution in the matter as this is capable of dampening the image of the PDP in the state. “Yes, no people will want their com­monwealth to be frittered away without proper ac­countability. I support inves­tigations into those weighty allegations. But, I also call for caution between the warring parties.” Ebikibina called on the political class in the state to rather spend time to come up with the modality that would remove Bayelsa from the present poor state to an economically viable oil and gas producing area. Also, the Secretary Gen­eral of the PDP Youth Network, Comrade James Oputin, said in a statement that Kpodor’s allegation of misuse of public funds contained in his defence to a N10 billion libel suit was ridiculous, baseless and deliberate falsehood which should be ignored by all men of good conscience “As Special Adviser on Security to Chief Timipre Sylva’s administration, he was head of the notorious security outfit, Famutangbe, that killed several people in Bayelsa, stole and misappro­priated a lot of the security money which he has used to build several mansions in his village and in Yenagoa,” Opu­tin alleged. Kpodor was also advised to take into consideration the monthly wage bill of the state and other things on which monies were spent, particularly in the area of infrastructural develop­ment.