The Usman Danfodiyo University Sokoto (UDUS) on Friday matriculated 6,244 students admitted for the 2019/2020 academic session. The University’s Vice Chancellor, Prof. Lawal Bilbis, said that the new students were admitted from a list of 26,733 candidates who applied for admission into the institution. He said that the 2019/2020 admission gave priority to the sciences and science-related programmes. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “This priority is in compliance with the Federal government’s directive on Science to Humanity students ratio of 60:40. ”It is also our response to the federal government’s desire of the country for rapid development through advances in science and technology,” he said. Okowa Congratulates NFF President, Amaju Pinnick On FIFA Seat Victory Petrol Hike:  IPMAN Directs Members To Revert To Old Price Of N170 Bilbis added that in the last 46 years, the university has pursued its objectives with sustained vigour. “This has resulted into outstanding positive outcomes and progressive academic activities as well as excellent performance.” He added that the university now has full accreditation of 98 per cent of its courses from the National Universities Commission (NUC), stressing that out of 38 programmes, 37 has had full accreditation. The Vice Chancellor called on the matriculating students to strictly adhere to the university’s rules and regulations, including personal discipline, high moral standards and respect for constituted authorities. In his remark, the University’s Dean of Students Affairs, Prof. Aminu Mode, congratulated the new students for securing admission into the university. “UDUS is one of the most peaceful universities in the country which is free from criminal cases, as such you are requested to maintain the tempo in the institution.” He urged them to remain focused in all their academic activities and to obey the university’s guidelines and laws. Maude urged them to abide by the COVID-19 protocols and be wary of bad friends, indecent dressing, cultism and other bad behaviors. He referred them to the institution’s zero tolerance to all forms of corruption, and urged the students to ensure transparency in all their dealings. The Students Union Government President, Faruk Umar-Barde, called on the matriculating students to concentrate on their studies and interact fully with the university communities, noting that social interaction platforms are provided to prepare students in all sectors of life. Umar-Barde cautioned students against engaging in examination malpractices and other social vices, adding that this would allow them to successfully achieve their objectives for being in the institution. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) report that various deans of faculties presented their respective students while the Vice Chancellor administered the admission oath on them. (NAN)