IBADAN- Youths of Iyana Cele and environs have commended the member representing Oluyole federal constituency in the House of Representatives, Honourable Tolulope Akande-Sadipe for fulfilling her campaign promises during electioneering in 2019. The youths gave the commendation during an execution of a borehole project in the area, facilitated by the lawmaker. Speaking with Media men on behalf of the youths, Chairman of Iyana-cele Youths forum, Wale Adesope, said Honourable Akande-Sadipe has performed well in less than two years representing Oluyole federal constituency at the Green Chambers of the National Assembly. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He thanked the lawmaker for her efforts at reducing the sufferings of her constituents, adding that everybody in the community would continue to support her lofty dreams. He said, “Hon. Akande-Sadipe is a woman of integrity. She promised to give us water, and here we are today, she is keeping to her promise. We have had representatives in this constituency in the past, but Akande-Sadipe is different”. Grammy Awards: FG Congratulates Burna Boy, Wizkid Election Victory: Oguma Hosts Ughelli South PDP Members Adesope revealed that beyond the borehole project which the community has been longing for. The Chairman, while thanking Akande-Sadipe for her empowerment programme which cuts across Oluyole, further urged Honourable Akande-Sadipe not to relent in her projects which most residents and indigenes of Oluyole have benefitted from. “Her empowerment programme for some indigenes of Oluyole federal constituency, especially some who reside in Iyana-cele, has been helpful. We thank her for her gestures, as our representative. Akande-Sadipe, who has sunk over 50 boreholes across Oluyole Federal Constituency, has also promised to sink more within the shortest period and provide transformers for those in dire need of it. Addressing the people, Akande-Sadipe, who was represented by her Senior Aide, Mr. Kunle Fadiran thanked the youth for their support since she assumed office. While calling for the support of the people so as to be able to fulfill all her promises, Akande-Sadipe said she had designed series of empowerment programmes for her constituents that would take care of the various segments of the society. She said that the projects in her constituency which are located in strategic areas across the constituency, were aimed at making the communities better for inhabitants. She also assured them of making sure that dividends of democracy, is enjoyed by all residents of her constituency, adding that what she has done in the constituency so far was a tip of the iceberg.