-demands probe of the sudden death of whistleblower, Ossy Bosa The Inspector General of Police (IGP), Mohammed Adamu, has ordered a full investigation into the plot to assassinate billionaire businessman and former member of the House of Representative, Prince Ned Nwoko. The IG also directed the police to immediately look into the circumstances surrounding the mysterious death of Ossy Bosa, the man who raised the alarm over the plot to murder Prince Ned Nwoko while he was in prison. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to reports, the IGP reviewed Bosa’s statement in the file, which he made after coming out of prison, where he alleged that an oil merchant, Gabriel Ogbechie, has a link with the group of persons plotting the assassination of Ned Nwoko. The IG gave the order for the investigation on Friday, March 12, 2021, after a meeting with Rain Oil Chief Executive, Gabriel Ogbechie and Prince Ned Nwoko. Road Accidents Claim 29 Lives In 2 Months In Osun – FRSC MURIC Urges Muslims To Take COVID-19 Vaccine Without Fear The meeting, which commenced at 11 am at the IG’s office, reportedly lasted for about two hours. The IG was said to have patiently listened to the two men who hail from Idumuje-Ugboko in Delta state. Recall that on Friday, November 20, 2020, Prince Ned published an open letter to the Inspector General of Police alerting him of a plot to assassinate him and urging urgent investigation into the allegations . Prince Ned in the letter narrated how an inmate at Kuje Correctional Centre overheard some other inmates at night discussing how they were going to carry out his assassination and mentioned in the course of their conversation their sponsor who is from Idumuje-Ugboko, a business man that owns fuel stations. The inmate then sent a text to alert a member of his church that has a business relationship with Regina Daniels, Prince Ned’s wife who is a Brand Ambassador to Safire Perfumes company owned by the church member. This church member, according to Prince Ned’s Open Letter to the IG, informed Regina Daniels who quickly alerted her husband. The inmate, Ossy Bosa, who blew the whistle while in prison also made various further statements after coming out of prison before he died mysteriously a week later. He was however said to have specifically made statements at the IG’s office and the Department of State Services, DSS, about repeated threats to his life and named the Rain Oil boss as the man he was referring to in the text he sent out while still in prison . The IG having listened to the two men came to the conclusion that Prince Ned Nwoko’s petition on threat to his life should be fully investigated. He also upheld his petition on the sudden, mysterious death of Ossy Bosa who had made statements about threats to his life after coming out of prison.