…As FCTA Vows To Pull Down All Illegal Structures ABUJA- The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) on Tuesday revealed that about 200 hectares of land in the Federal Capital City (FCC) has been encroached upon by illegal land grabbers raising unapproved structures around the Lugbe District. Speaking on behalf of the administration, the Acting Director, Development Control Department of the FCTA, Garba Kwamkur, said over 150 criminals have encroached into areas meant for public facilities in the Sabon-Lubge area of the district and vowed to pull them down. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Kwamkur made this revelation while briefing newsmen shortly after a demolition exercise, saying the demolition is part of effort to sanitize the area in line with the FCT Administration’s pronouncement to incorporate Lugbe into the Federal Capital City proper. His words; “As you are aware the FCT Administration has pronounced that Lugbe will be incorporated into the Federal Capital City proper, so the plan is being incorporated to have the same kind of infrastructure as those in the city.” SGF Attributes Jettisoning Of Values, Culture To Cause Of Economic, Political Disarray In Africa I Have Not Submitted Any Appointee List To Governor El-Rufai– Kaduna APC Chairman “This area was planned for public facilities such as schools, markets, hospitals, and other public utilities, but land grabbers have encroached into the area and captured all the plots meant for public facilities and are developing them as housing estates thereby denying space for the necessary amenities that will be needed for the district in the future.” “The area is meant to serve as the district center of Sabon-Lugbe said, “Over 200 hectares have been encroached upon by Criminals with fake and cloned tittle documents. But the 1976 decree that forms Abuja stipulates that any development to be carried out within the confines of the territory needs a government permit from the department of development control before you can undertake any housing projects. But I can categorically tell you that non of them approached us for such approvals so that is why we are here to recover these encroached plots”, he explained. He further stated that the department will forward the list of suspected offenders to the FCT Police commissioner to track and prosecute them as specified by the law. He hinted that, “We have served them stop work notices, quit notices as spelt out in the 1992 Urban and Regional Planning Law, but the have ignored all our notices and proceeded to develop these plots without building approvals.” “Currently we have a list of well over 150 of them and we will be sending the list to the police commissioner to further prosecution.” In another development, the FCT Administration has given  banks and other business organizations operating in Maitama 7 days ultimatum to vacate and relocate to the Central Business District or risk being sealed up. The Acting Director, Department of Development Control, Garba Kwamkur gave the warning on Tuesday when the Deparment stormed the popular Gana street in Maitama to sensitize business operators on the need to revert all the banks and other commercial hubs to their original residential purposes. He disclosed that the Department had a week ago, served all the buildings that have currently been converted to commercial use, notification to revert them to the residential purposes which they were meant for, but failed to comply. Kwamkur who directed the banks as well as other business organizations to relocate to Central Business District or Idu Industrial Estate which the FCT masterplan provided for, warned that their  usiness premises will be sealed off at the expiration of the 7 days ultimatum.