ABUJA- To bridge the gap in mass housing deficit in Nigeria, students drawn from polytechnics system have started keying into the Nigerian Polytechnic Students Housing Investment Scheme NPSHIS. The scheme is being coordinated in partnership with a real estate firm, with headquarters in Abuja. National President of NAPS, Olalere Adetunji who confirmed the development in Abuja, on Monday, said there is about 700000 housing deficit annually, while the Federal government provision of about 100000 units can’t meet up the deficit. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! While giving a brief explanation of how the students’ housing scheme was conceptualised, NAPS President said, “After a critical research of the success and failure of all the Federal Government housing schemes since 1992 till date, the leadership of NAPS in partnership with Domak Group came up with a better idea for the entire Polytechnic students in Nigeria, that will give every Polytechnic students access to a land property in the state of choice across the 36 states and FCT”. He explained that the payment options for buying plots of land have been arranged for daily, weekly or monthly contributions to make it less cumbersome for students. We Lack Manpower In Our Schools- Nasarawa SUBEB Chairman NYSC Registers 854 Corp Members In Yobe Amid Strict COVID-19 Preventive Measures According to Adetunji, the Nigerian Polytechnic Students Housing Investment Scheme is the first of its kind in Sub Sahara Africa, including Nigeria and the students movement in general. Managing Director of the Real Estate Firm, Kingsley Azonobi corroborated NAPS when he said the property ownership scheme had been planned in such a way that students can contribute from their pocket money, either through daily, weekly and monthly cooperative format. He noted that research has proven that the Nigerian government cannot meet housing needs of Nigerians, hence it was high time individuals begin to take the bull by the horn and chart their own course to becoming land owners through genuine means.