LAGOS – Justice Ayotunde Faji of a Federal High Court sitting in Lagos has been told by a witness, Dr. James Marsh how one of the Fast Food Outletsin Nigerian, Sweet Sensation Plc copied a Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (HACCP) planbel on ging to his firm, James Marsh and Associates. The witness, Dr. Marsh, an Interna­tional Food Safety Consultant, who is also the claimant in the suit narrated to the court how Sweet Sensation Plc, the plaintiff in the suit infringed on his copyright by dishonouring the agree­ment they had. ItwouldberecalledthattheClaimant had dragged Sweet Sensation to court for allegedly using his HACCP plan prepared for one of its outlets at So­bo-Akowonjotocover for all its26outlets withoutthe consent andauthorityof the approved Food Safety Management. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! James Marsh and Associates, has therefore demanded for the sum of N100miliion as damages for breach of the plaintiff’s copyright in the case. While being led in evidence by the plaintiff counsel, Babatunde Opelusi, the witness, Marsh told the court that the plan he made for the defendant was for specific outlets not to be used for all Sweet Sensation outlets. FG Announces Partial Closure Of Falomo Bridge For Six Weeks Rehabilitation From Sunday Osinbajo Urges Harnessing Of Nation’s Huge Population He further told the court that the agreement between him and the man­agement of thecompanywascontained in emails which they replied also via email before he proceeded into training them and issuing of the plan. “It is not true that Sweet Sensation approached me for HACCP plan for all its outlets, they have 26 outlets and we only used the Akowonjo outlets for the training. “I pray the court to grant my request as contained in the suit file before the honorable court,” he said. Under cross-examination by the de­fense counsel, O. Okeke, Dr. Marsh said Sweet Sensation paid for one HACCP training through which he will issue a certificate but he promised to offer an­other training for one more outlet for free. “When the training for HACCP was completed, it was satisfactory and the second training was on quality assurance, how to monitor as well as generating records to support HACCP. The attendance of this training is still verifiable in the record at the training.” When asked whether there was a written contract between Marsh and the defendant, the claimant said hegave the plaintiff a proposal which identified what the agreements concerning the training are. “There was an exchange of emails which they acknowledged before we proceeded with the training. We agreed on the numbers of training and after the proposal, invoice was sent for one location.” Marsh, however added that the de­fendant did get the HACCP plan after a year of payment because an audit was carried out in the outlet and some prob­lems were identified and this includes non-availability of portable water among other issues. “Correcting those issues took them some time and that was why I couldn’t give them the plan on time, because ev­erythingmustsetbeforeaplanisissued, if not the Lagos State Ministryof Health won’t take it lightly,” he said. Justice Faji however admit into ev­idence the statement sworn to by the claimant which was dated October 10 and December 11, 2018. He thereafter adjourned the matter for further hearing till April 16, May 7, 2021. In the suit with NonFHC/L/CS/ 1647/2018b filed before the court, the plaintiff accused the defendant, Sweet Sensation Plc of infringement of copy­right of his HACCP plan for its outlets against the initial agreement between them. The plaintiff, Dr Mash also averred that he was contacted in March 2017 by the defendant as part of the consensus reached with the Lagos State Ministry of Health following the discovery of grossly insanitary conditions and oth­er health related issues at its Alagomeji and Ikeja GRA outlets which led to tem­porary closure of the outlets. Marsh added that there was no agree­ment between him and the defendant to reproduce the HACCP plans due to the fact the plan is specific and it is immate­rial whether the defendant’s operations are similar because the inherent risk in each process is never the same.