Comrade Afolabi Olawale Olufemi, General Secretary of the Nigeria Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG), in this encounter with SYLVESTER ENOGHASE, spoke on the preemptive move made by the union over the connivance of some lawmakers and some governors to expunge the extant national minimum wage from the exclusive legislative list to the concurrent legislative list together with other labour-related issues of national concern. Excerpts: There is a feeler that most Nigerians have notcometotermswithwhatcompelledthe Leadership of the Nigeria Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG), where you hold the position of the General Secretary, to recently join forces with the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) on Wednesday, March 10, 2021 to stage a nationwide protest over proposed amendments to the minimum wage for Nigerian workers. Can you throw light on what led to the solidarity you exhibited with NLC? First and foremost, the protest was coordinated from the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Abuja, and it was informed by an attempt by some lawmakers at the National Assembly to remove the Minimum Wage from the Exclusive Legislative List to the Concurrent Legislative List. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Seen from the sinister plan that was about to be hatched by the lawmakers before we checkmated their collective action, it should be agreed by all Nigerians that the right of Nigerian workers to enjoy the minimum wage is in line with the International Labour Organisation’s (ILO) provision . In fact, we took the action to protect workers’ interests. FIRS Management, Staff Bicker Over Union Election, As Northern Delegates Plot Boycott Protest: Minimum Wage An Int’l Issue, Our Leaders Should Think Outside The Box – Oyo NLC In fact, it is shameful that the lawmakers in connivance with some State Governors made such an attempt to short-change the workers. Let me say that looking at the inequity, unfairness and injustice that the sinister move was inherent with were enough reasons for our action. In fact, we were compelled to act before the Bill being sponsored by Garba Datti Muhammad (APC: Kaduna) to amend the minimum wage law scale through all legal stages in law making process. There is no denying the fact that there was need to resist the move. You will agree with me that if not resisted through protest, like we did, that such an amendment will leave the Nigerian workers at the mercies of State governors who will be paying workers whatever they decide to pay. We believe that rather than seek to reduce the salaries of civil servants, the salaries of political officers including that of the legislators be cut down. It was because of its foreseeable damaging effect on the wellbeing of the workers, and the bastardisation of all the efforts made over the years toward a nationally accepted minimum wage for workers that we demanded the withdrawal of the obnoxious Bill that would remove the National Minimum Wage from the exclusive to the concurrent legislative list. Recently, NUPENG’scommitmenttoendcasualisation of workers received boost as a bill for the prohibition of casualisation in all forms of employment in the private and public sectors in the country passed second reading in the senate. What is your take on the bill? The move by the senate is no doubt laudable to anyone that wants precarious work conditions, particularly for graduates, prohibited. It is even more laudable as the bill is been considered by the Senate seek to stop employers in the private and public sectors from engaging employable Nigerian graduates as casual workers. The Prohibition of Casualisation Bill 2020, which is been sponsored by Senator Ayo Akinyelure (PDP, Ondo Central) is highly commendable. In fact, there are many workers in the oil, and gas sector that are engaged as casual labourers by employers of labour. It is laudable that a law to checkmate the anomaly is already feasible, and on its way to become law.