The Ministry of Youth and Sports Development, organisers of the recently revived Principal’s Cup competition for secondary schools across the country, has unveiled the format for the competition which would run from the states to the zones, culminating in the finals in Abuja. According to the chairman of the Organizing committee, Dr. Ademola Are, all is ready set for the states, zonal and final of the revived tournament. The states’ finals would run from March 8 to March 12, with four teams per state proceeding to the zonal finals across the six geopolitical zones from March 18 to March 22, while the national final takes place from April 1 to April 4 in Abuja. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Are said: “We are working round the clock to ensure a hitch-free competition. The Nigerian School Sports Federation (NSSF), ANCOPSS and YSFON are also working with the Main Organizing Committee (MOC) to stage a seamless competition.” According to the president of NSSF, Mrs. Olabisi Joseph, “The final fixtures would be unveiled on Monday, March 8 when all the states would have put in all their entries. Twenty two events will be competed for in athletics, with 44 athletes expected per state in football, athletics and table tennis. Abia Warriors Blow Two-Goal Lead To Draw Heartland Super Falcons’ Turkey Outings Excite Abdulkareem “Already, the NSSF state chapters have registered more than 132 schools from 33 states for the competition and more are still coming. We want to achieve success in this competition; so the rules of eligibility will be strictly adhered to,” Mrs. Joseph said. The flag-off of the competition took place on February 26, 2021, at the Agege Stadium, Lagos with Igbobi College in Lagos and Government College, Kaduna, playing to a pulsating 1- 1 draw. Meanwhile, three events, football, table tennis and athletics, will be competed for.