LAGOS  – Heritage Bank has announced the launch of YNSPYRE Account, a product targeted especially at the creative industry populated by teeming youths in Nigeria and beyond. The initiative, which focuses on the gaming industry, is in partnership with Game Evolution Partners, an e-sports and gaming promotion organisation. Addressing the press about the initiative in gaming as a creative endeavour, Mr Dike Dimiri, Heritage Bank Regional Executive, Lagos and South-West, explained that the involvement of the bank is to identify income-earning opportunities for some people in the economy. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “There is quite a lot that our bank should be doing in the gaming industry. The bank must collect deposits and give loans. More importantly, we have to build this community where we operate. “YNSPYRE Account is a product targeted specifically at the creative economy populated by not only youths in video and film, and music. It goes much more than that as it involves people in technology, the creative industry and gaming as part of the creative industry. Ecobank To Pay Customers N5 For Every Dollar Received Canada World Youth, Africa Skills Hub Partner To Introduce Women’s Entrepreneurship Initiative “Over time we have identified that one of the growth areas today driven by technology is gaming that has changed the fortunes of several individuals globally. According to him, “HB has designed a product that identifies and finds a mechanism that guides Nigerians in gaming or e-sports. The bank is set to revolutionise e-sports by bringing it to an acceptable level attained by football, lawn tennis and other crowd pulling games. He explained that participants do not need to open an account to be part of the game, saying the game guided by a league table will commence from this period through December. He added that the champion of champions will go home with much higher rewards than imagined. Adenipebi Kunmi, the Chief Executive Officer of Game Evolution Partners disclosed that e-sports had been a silent industry for decades, saying gamers that were looked down on would begin to gain prominence, get empowered and make economic gains like every other professional. He added,” Thanks to Heritage Bank for the interest to support gaming, empower youths through legitimate means and the creative industry by creating a lifestyle for youths. “There will be three leagues called tier one, two and three. Tier three will be for all comers, tier two can be likened to the premier league, while tier three will be for a champion of champions. “We want to prove to the Nigerian public that playing game is recreational but it can become a professional career repackaged to empower youths and get paid for young people to make legitimate earning. The YNSPYRE Account initiative will change, transform and correct negative notions about video gaming as a pastime for the less serious,” he added.