The NNPC had on Tuesday denied withholding remittance of N4.76 trillion to the Federation Account as raised in a 2016 audit report by the Office of Auditor General for the Federation (OAGF). In a tensed defence hearing before the Senate Committee on Public Account, which grilled representatives of the National Oil Regulator on a query raised by the Director of Public Accounts at the OAGF, Olutoye Agesin, the NNPC explained that the OAGF did not get its records right. Speaking on behalf of the oil sector regulator, Chief Financial Officer of the NNPC, Umar Ajiya, told the Senate Committee that the issue in question has to do with domestic crude that NNPC lifts to either refine and sale product or in exchange for refined product into the country. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He further clarified that “side by side the government has fixed price of PMS and that entailed the accumulation of subsidy, and these issues had been recurring for years even now, it is a topical issuein government circle now. And a lot of consultation is on-going and at the moment, there is more or less an implied subsidy in the consumption, we are consuming. NNPC Has Powers To Make Running Cost Deductions From Source– Kyari PIB: South-South Governors Demand 10 Per Cent For Oil Host Communities What has happened in the past is that NNPC based on appropriation and appropriation for pipeline security, cost and maintenance, has been deducting these sums before remitting the balances to the federation account. “It became a turbulent issue that even the governors got involved and a forensic audit by KPMG was commissioned. “The forensic audit has been done, the Auditor General has a copy and at the end of the day that forensic audit established that NNPC was owing about N797 billion but also, on the other hand, the Federation also was owing NNPC N239 billion.” Umar however debunked the allegation of an unaccounted sum by the Corporation, insisting that, “there is nothing like N4 trillion withheld by NNPC, CBN, has the records, you can’t hide N4 trillion anywhere, it has gone through the consumption of PMS and that is why everyone should be concerned with deregulation.” The representative of the Office of the Auditor General of the Federation, Olutoye Agesin had in his presentation told the Senate panel that paragraph 3.2 1of the 2016 audit report indicated that NNPC had under remitted proceeds accruing from the sale of domestic crude to the Federation Account. He said: “it was observed from the examination of NNPC reports to technical sub-committee of Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC) meeting held in December 2016 that accumulating a total of N4.76 trillion remained unremitted by NNPC as at Dec 31, 2016, from our report. It is of particular concern that the unremitted balance is increasing year on year. The Group Managing Director of NNPC has been requested to explain why the sum of N4.76 trillion had remained unremitted to the Federation Account by NNPC, contrarily to constitutional provisions. That NNPC should remit all amount due to the Federation Account, that NNPC should pay interest of the unremitted account. “That NNPC should improve on the record of remittances of crude oil proceeds to the Federation Account.” The Vice-Chairman of Committee Sen. Ibrahim Hassan (APC Jigawa) however, stood down further deliberation on the query to another day pending the provision of relevant documents to the committee by authorities of the NNPC.