ABUJA- As part of activities commemorating the International Women’s Day 2021, an election monitoring group, the Centre For Transparency Advocacy CTA, has advocated for more women participation in politics, so as to produce a female President or Vice in the 2023 general elections. Executive Director of the Group, Faith Nwadishi made the call on Tuesday, while delivering a key note address at a stakeholders round table in commemoration of international women’s day 2021, with its theme:#choose to challenge. She used the recent election of Dr Okonjo-Iweala as Director General of the World Trade Organization WTO to buttress her call, saying if a Nigerian woman can aspire to govern the global trade body, then Nigerian women are ripe enough to lead the country either as President or Vice President. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to her, women should choose to challenge the statusquo that makes women look less important on this green earth. “Since 1999 when we began this democratic dispensation women have been tried and tested and they have shown to have great leadership abilities, so I believe women are ripe enough to occupy political offices either as President or Vice President, at least let us start from the Vice President, if our own Okonjo-Iweala can become the DG of WTO, I see nothing that can stop us,”she stated. SGF Attributes Jettisoning Of Values, Culture To Cause Of Economic, Political Disarray In Africa I Have Not Submitted Any Appointee List To Governor El-Rufai– Kaduna APC Chairman She said irrespective of the gloomy situation, where they feel intimidated, women should be able to hold themselves high and participate in political challenges. Her words, “I am happy to see our shining faces even when the situation looks gloomy. Am I proud of you? YES I am because we are women. This year’s commemoration of the International Women’s Day is auspicious as we celebrate our own Professor Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as the first African and the first woman and the first Black person to lead the World Trade Organisation”. She acknowledged that too many barriers hinder women from political participation, but they must look beyond such hindrances, if they must remain relevant within the Nigerian polity. “As we celebrate today, may we look at some challenges as they affect women and call for the dismantling of all barriers militating against every woman to attain her potentials. “It is embarrassing and unacceptable that the number of women in political activities keep dwindling except as cheer leaders and welfare whereas the men take the front seat. “Low participation of women in politics is as dangerous as any other ill against the society. For instance, out of the 36 States, only 4 women are deputy governors. During 2019 election out of over 2,900 women that contested the election only 57 were elected representing 3.8%. however, I must acknowledge the efforts of the Kogi State Governor His Excellency Yahaya Bello for being the only governor who promised to support all female deputy Chairmanship candidates in the entire Local Government Area of Kogi State and kept to that promise. “He is the only state governor with a female Aide De Camp (ADC) and has appointed more women in his government than any other state governor. This is good but we also expect that one day we shall have all female Council Chairmen with male deputies”. On agitations for the passage of gender and equal opportunities bill, CTA noted that the National Assembly should do justice to the bill as it was long overdue. “In passing this law, the National Assembly should not see it as a token to women and girls but should ensure that the basic rights of women and girls are protected. “In the same manner, we call for the full implementation of the Nigerian gender policy and the 35% affirmation. Again, this is not a favour to women but a right that is sacrosanct and the right thing to do. The lopsided policies tramples upon the opportunities to rise to the apex of their professions. “No woman has ever been appointed a Service Chiefs or Inspector General of Police, or to head DSS and other paramilitary. Only once has a woman headed the House of Representatives and she was bullied all through. The extractive industry is another sector where women are so marginalized and therefore make less impact as they are systematically shot out of the extractive resources, “she stated. Meanwhile, Mrs Blessing Obidiegwu, Director, Gender Department of the Independent National Electoral Commission INEC, corroborated CTA’s position, when she said women participation in the 2019 general elections was abysmally low. According to her, part of the reasons for INEC’s creation of a gender desk was to galvanize women to show more interest in elective offices so as to contribute their own quota to national growth. Her words, “Women did badly during 2019 general elections, infact it was the worst for women, though more women were courageous enough to become aspirants, more who contested won too. ” So I encourage women, let us do more. INEC is a gender sensitive institution, in spite of the barriers, INEC has always committed to supporting women, INEC developed a gender policy for women participation in elective offices and we have been following through with it. “That policy has a framework in place and we started advocacy to traditional institutions and religious leaders, but we cannot do it alone, we need all stakeholders to key in, so as to achieve equality. “Women cannot afford to sit back and watch other people decide what affects them, the Commission has started sensitization, peer to peer advocacy, doing out reaches to market places, and indeed some of our guidelines have been reviewed to be gender sensitive, especially in recruitment and promotion exercises”.