BENIN  – Lift Above Poverty Organisation (LAPO), disbursed over N12.2 billion to 152,446 rural farmers in 2020, under the Organisation’s Rural Development Initiative (LARDI) to improve national food security Dr. Godwin Ehigiamusoe, LAPO’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO), who made the disclosure at LAPO annual Outstanding Women Leadership Award, said this figure represents 12% growth over the sum of N10.9 billion disbursed in 2019 by the organisation. Ehigiamusoe said this year’s LAPO Outstanding Women Leadership Award was part of the activities put together to mark this year’s International Women’s Day with the theme, Women in Leadership: Achieving an Equal Future in a COVID 19 World. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He added that it was instituted to acknowledge and reward women who demonstrated commitment towards making the world better. According to him, LAPO is passionate about women and committed to their overall development, and pointed out that LAPO Outstanding Women Leadership Award has become a part of our institution. Financial Experts Warn Against Relegation Of Women At DBN’s Seminar Polaris Bank Rewards Over 60 Winners In Second ‘Save & Win’ Promo Draw “For more than two decades, the organisation has been at the forefront of bringing gender issues country, stressing that their absence to reach their full economic and social potential would have a huge impact on the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of the country. development efforts to growing a Onherpart, Nkemwhoestablished a Micro-Credit Scheme to bridge the financing gap for rural women stated that the impact of MamaMoni has shown that given financial literacy and inclusion, women would contribute meaningfully to the economic development of Nigeria. “We have funded about 1,500 businesses, and impacted over 7,000 women across Nigeria. These women have grown and can generate revenue to train their children in school. Some of them have had up to 80 per cent increase in household income. The key is that before giving them the money, we build a relationship with them. We train them on basic bookkeeping and financial discipline measures,” she said. Referring to what her organisation Google is doing for women inclusion and gender equality, Mojolaoluwa explained that the platform provided entrepreneurship, leadership, and literacy support through the WomenWill initiative.