Germany’s Environment Minister, Svenja Schulze presented a plan on Thursday, at the 10th anniversary of the Fukushima disaster in Japan for a total withdrawal from the nuclear power industry. Beyond the closure of nuclear plants themselves, the paper outlines steps including the closure of nuclear fuel and uranium processing facilities, as well as stronger cooperation with other countries and an accelerated expansion of renewable energy. “Our work will not end with the German nuclear phase-out at the end of 2022. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “Our nuclear phase-out is not compatible with the production of fuel and fuel elements for nuclear plants abroad,’’ Schulze said. She bemoaned the fact that the proposals had not found the necessary support in the Federal Government in this legislative period appeared to look ahead to September elections. Germany’s Top Disease Official Says 3rd Wave Has Already Begun Biden Marks Pandemic Anniversary With First Prime-Time Speech The ministry paper argues against extensions to the lifetime of ageing nuclear plants and state subsidies, including in countries outside Germany. The danger posed by power plants in neighbouring countries such as France and Belgium meant that it was important to strengthen cooperation between the countries, it said. Schulze also rejected new concepts for smaller, cheaper reactors – the so-called Small Modular Reactors. she said they would only shift the disadvantages of large plants onto many small plants. After being hit by a tsunami on March 11, 2011, the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station in Japan suffered meltdowns at three of its reactors, causing the world’s worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl. Soon afterwards, in one of the most hotly debated moves of her time in power, German Chancellor Angela Merkel decided that Germany would phase out nuclear power. (dpa/NAN)