LOKOJA- The Kogi state Command of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps NSCDC has apprehended a trailer with Registration number MUB 333XA loaded with adulterated DPK and AGO ( Gas , Kerosine) neatly wrapped in unspecified numbers of polythene bags. The state commander of the NSCDC Mr. Peter Maigari while parading the three suspects at the command headquarters in Lokoja, said it took the eagle eyes of his men to make the seizure. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He noted that the criminals have become sofisticated in the method they employed to carry out their nefarious activities in order to evade being arrested by Security Agencies. BREAKING: [Video] Ogun Receives 100,000 Dozes Of COVID-19 Vaccines Progressive Governors Decry  High Rate Malnutrition In APC States He added that it took the prying eyes of officers and men of anti Vandal unit to beat their antics as the consignment which supposed to be transported by tankers were neatly wrapped in polythene bags and covered on the surface with bags of saw dusts.. He said three suspects have been arrested in connection with the seizures while the alleged escort escaped, vowing to ensure that all those behind the act would be arrested and brought to book. While commending president Muhammadu Buhari for appointing Ahmed Abubakar Audi the Controller General of NSCDC as a good omen for the force, warned criminals to turn a new leaf or be ready to meet their Waterloo. The state commandant explained that the command was able to use Alternative Conflicts Resolutions ACR to resolve herders and farmers crises which has made Kogi the least state with such conflict. He added that the command has achieved a lot of successes under his watch with many criminal cases being investigated and are undergoing prosecution. He promised to turn the heat against criminals within his jurisdiction until they change their activities to be of good conduct. While speaking to Daily Independent, the Driver of the Trailer Mustapha Muhammed , 25 and a native of Potiskum in Yobe state , said he was not aware of the content of the consignment, adding that he was only called to load it from portharcourt and to deliver it at suleijah in Niger state. He denied knowing the owner of the consignment but said the escort who ran away on sighting the Security personnel was the one who contracted him for the job and said he was not aware of the implications of transporting petroleum products through trailers. Meanwhile, the commandant assured the public to avail credible information to the Security Agencies to stem the tide of insecurity across the country , promising to make kogi safe for the law abiding citizens.