The Olubadan of Ibadan land, Oba Saliu Adetunji has urged the Sarkin Sasa Alhaji Haruna Mai Yasin Katsina, to operate under the leadership of the Baale of Sasa, Chief Amusa Ajani. He gave the advice on Thursday during a peace meeting with members of the Hausa/Fulani community over the crisis that engulfed Sasa market last month. Represented by the Otun Olubadan High Chief Lekan Balogun, who led other High Chiefs at the meeting which held at the Olubadan Palace, Oja’ba, the monarch said the structure of traditional leadership in Ibadan is clear that the Baale is the overall leader in every community in Ibadan land. He, therefore, urged the Hausa leader to operate under the Baale for smooth administration and structural peace. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Katsina is the Chairman, Arewa Communities in the 17 Southern States of Nigeria. Oba Adetunji strongly advised that the sarkin should face the reality that irrespective of the honour accorded him, he is under the chieftaincy stool of the community leader of Sasa, Chief Amusa Ajani where he resides. We Won’t Engage Mercenaries Against Boko Haram — FG | TV Independent COVID-19: AstraZeneca Vaccine Has No Side Effect – NAFDAC D-G The monarch complained that the pre-eminent position granted the Seriki n’Sasa, in the scheme of things in the state was unbecoming, asking all the relevant authorities to know and accept the fact that the community leader is under the Baale of Sasa. This came as Yoruba traders in the market kicked against how they were treated after the crisis. The Oyo State Government had promised compensation for the traders who suffered human and material losses during the crisis. The traders expressed displeasure over the relocation of Hausa traders to the neighbouring Akinyele and Iroko communities in the same local government area. They posited that Hausa traders were allegedly compensated for destroying Sasa market. The monarch, however, appealed to them to be calm, assuring that a lasting solution to their problem was being pursued. He also called on the state government to urgently come to their rescue. The Public Relations Officer of the Yoruba trading community in the market, Adam Fijabi, said: “We were appealed to, not to retaliate and we have kept our cool, but, there is a limit to our endurance. We won’t sit akimbo in hopelessness, watching the destroyers of our means of livelihood and heritage living their own normal lives in the same community with us’’.