LAGOS- A political group, Coalition of All Nigeria Support Groups (COANSG) has used the occasion of International Women’s Day to drum support for Nigerian women, especially those occupying various leadership positions. The group at a press conference held on Tuesday to commemorate this year’s International Women’s Day said that the time had come for every Nigerian woman to be given equal opportunity just like their male counterparts. It stressed that time had gone when women were relegated to the background by reason of their gender. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Comrade Iheanyi Mark, national chairman, COANSG said that Nigerian women had done the nation proud nationally and globally, stressing that the time had come for every law hindering women from reaching their full potentials to be reviewed for the benefit of national development. He said, “As we mark this year’s International Women’s Day, the Coalition Of All Nigeria Support Groups wants to use this opportunity to celebrate Nigerian women, especially those in leadership positions. We understand the sacrifices they make every day as wives, mothers and leaders.” SGF Attributes Jettisoning Of Values, Culture To Cause Of Economic, Political Disarray In Africa I Have Not Submitted Any Appointee List To Governor El-Rufai– Kaduna APC Chairman “We want to appeal to the government and people of Nigeria to use this opportunity to give every female leader the necessary support and if there are laws that need to be amended to allow them reach their full potentials, the time to do that is now.” According to Iheanyi, women have made their marks in different endeavours and they have even gone ahead to make the country proud at the global level. “Just few days ago, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala emerged as the Director General of the World Trade Organization (WTO). There are other women too numerous to mention, some of them are in politics others are technocrats.” “Who says that a woman cannot be president of this country? We celebrate them today and wish them the best as they continue to promote and rebuild the country,” Iheanyi said.