Abuja- President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the establishment of the federal polytechnic, Orogun, in Delta State. In a letter to the Deputy President of the Senate, Ovie Omo-Agege, dated February 23, 2021, and referenced DHE/POLY/39/C.1/I/84, the President said the polytechnic would “supply the needed human resources required for national development.” The letter which was signed by the Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Education, Arc. Sonny S. T. Echono, on behalf of the Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, added that the institution will commence academic activities in October 2022. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to the letter, “President Buhari’s gracious approval of the founding and take-off of the Federal Polytechnic Orogun demonstrates yet again his clear leadership vision that our nation must embrace the future with a truly innovative educational system.” It explained that the establishment of the Federal Polytechnic Orogun indicates the administration’s attention to strategic human capital development and deep love for our people. ABUAD’s Payment Of N120M Customs Duties Against The Law- Afe Babalola NANS To S/Governors: Food Blockade Wake Up Call To Diversify Local Economy A statement by the office of the Deputy Senate President noted that “the DSP is daily humbled” by the President Buhari’s approval of the school, insisting that the institution would be known mainly for world-class research capabilities and first-class achievements in the sciences, especially computer science – computer graphics, network design, computer-assisted education, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and robotics, big data, cyber security, bioinformatics, amongst others. This is as it stated that Senator Omo-Agege had always envisioned the possibility of public tertiary academic institutions with core ‘Silicon Valley’ character in Nigeria; a fact that motivated the Bill to establish the Federal Polytechnic Orogun in 2017 in the 8th Senate. “But the political environment then did not allow the bill to progress. He re-introduced the Bill in 2019 in this 9th Senate, and it was passed by the National Assembly,” it added.