LAGOS  – One of the revolutions that have positively impacted the Nigerian insurance space of late is curbing the perceived bad image of the industry in the past due largely to dashed expectations of the public occasioned by inability of the then operators to live up to their responsibilities in prompt claims settlement. Incidentally, the Company that is on top of claims payment within a specified time frame to drive home the message that insurance does pay claims as and when due is no other player in the market than Saham Unitrust Insurance Company Limited. Founded in 1981 and licensed in 1986 with the aim of developing an insurance company of choice and a household name in the non-life insurance space across Nigeria, Saham Unitrust Insurance Co. Ltd currently carries out all forms of General/Non-life insurance transactions including Oil & Gas with a vision “to be the preferred insurance company and provider of financial services to targeted markets.” HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Saham Unitrust Insurance Company Limited benchmarks global industry best practices being the leading and preferred service providers to existing customers and prospective customers in all business classes in the local market. Unitrust offers full comprehensive Non-Life insurance services with innovative products in all sectors of the economy to its customers beyond the narrow, traditional insurance services, thereby, taking advantage of market opportunities. FBNInsurance, STI, Saham Unitrust, Leadway Make List Of Best Claims-Paying Insurers Leadway: Accelerating Insurance Claims Payments Through Technology While craving “to create value to its teeming stakeholders by ethically delivering differentiated products and partnering with clients to proactively manage their risk,” Saham Unitrust goes the extra mile to meet the needs of its customers and other stakeholders through excellent service delivery which causes positive difference in the lives of its customers and guarantees the continuous financial growth of the company. Through “partnering with clients to proactively manage their risk” Saham Unitrust strives for company-wide quality, offering the best services available in the industry, this the firm has continuously achieved by getting it right the first time, and every time. “Our company will ensure we deliver superior value by using our risk advisors to identify the needs of the customer and providing solutions that are in the best interest of the customer,” said Mr. John Ijerheime, the Managing Director/CEO. The Company prides itself as an innovative, prompt responsive firm with integrity and excellent service delivery. Financial Strength Saham Unitrust has a very strong financial strength with Shareholders Fund in Excess N14 billion, an Authorised Share Capital of N7.5 billion and a Fully Paid Up capital in excess of N5.00 billion. Solvency Ratios The company’s solvency ratio over the years is far above the industry requirement with over 200 per cent above industry requirement. According to the available data, the firm’s solvency ratio stood at 227 per cent in 2017, 216 per cent in 2018, 225 per cent in 2019 and 279 per cent in 2020. Claims Settlement Saham Unitrust has been consistent over the years in meeting its financial obligations to customers as at and when due. The company is known for prompt claims settlement with an average timeline of 48 hours after discharge voucher has been executed and returned. The table below shows the Company’s claims payment in the last four years. Records available show that Saham Unitrust Insurance leaves no stone unturned in ensuring prompt claims settlement at all times. For a period of four years Daily Independent can authoritatively reveal that the firm had paid out N4,228,602,692.37 in claims. The breakdown shows that in 2017, the company paid out a total of N996,087 million, in 2018 a total of N826,619,355 was paid out while in 2019 and 2020 N1,319,226,510.87 and N1,086,669,414.78 were paid out respectively.