KANO- Barring any last minute change, delegates from the 19 states outstation of Federal Inland Revenue (FIRS) have concluded plan to boycott its forthcoming quadrant delegate election scheduled to hold later this month in Abuja. The plan boycott was sequel to what sources close to emerging plot described as undue Interference of FIRS management on union matters. At a meeting held over the weekend in Damaturu to perfect a regional strategy to overcome what sources explained to INDEPENDENT in Kano was to address a comon problem. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! A competent source privy to Damaturu meeting disclosed that there are sustained efforts by some outgoing officials to allegedly defraud the region, as they alleged that delegate list forwarded to state Coordinator and tax controllers nationwide for adoption have been altered. The meeting that held during the weekend in Damaturu, Yobe came on the heels of smilar meetings that hold in Ibadan, Lagos and Enugu. Bauchi PRP Gets New Chairman Agric Extension Agents Commend FG For Training, Appeal For Sustainability INDEPENDENT further learned that south west delegates at Ibadan meeting last Thursday complained openly of plot by an interested management staff to scuttle fair proceedings. A source conversant with the bitter power struggle confided on this tabloid that “Ibadan meeting gave impetus to Northern groups to speak up because some rogue elements were impersonating the entire FIRS management to score cheap political goal. Speaking further, the source alleged that “one of the Directors whose siblings is contesting for the plum job had so manipulated the process that he has suppressed memos distancing the management from the crisis got to the outstation. FIRS has two Union bodies, Nigeria civil service union (NCNCU), and Association of senior Civil servants of Nigeria (ASCSN) both headed by Alhaji Idris Alhassan, and Mr. Okere Samson respectively. Finding had it that while the NCNSU election usually hold peacefully in the service, that of ASCSN never come easy during and after election. Investigation revealed that election into these two bodies were usually conducted through Delegate elections across the offices of the Service nation wide, and the Delegates in turn voted the exco at every quadrant Delegate conference. However, this Newspapers learnt that 7 members out of the 11 outgoing exo members wrote the FIRS management and the national body of ASCSN to postpone the scheduled delegates election scheduled for 21 February 2021 and as well call for change of venue from Owerri back to Abuja in the interest of democracy. Their grouse was that “in the light of security situation in the south east where breach could snowball into ethnic witch hunt, we believe delegates are safe in Abuja than anywhere else.” Finding revealed that the director suppressed every efforts by management of the Service to distance themselves from the Deligate election manipulation . Despite the perceived general disposition of the Management, checks indicated that the lager part of the management team were never part of this rigging calculation as the EC/FIRS, had charged in various fora for level playing field, and expressed readiness to work with whoever emerge. The EC/FIRS made it clear in various meeting and interaction that the collection of taxes to meet up with the target and mandate of the Service should be of major concern to the management team. When contacted, Abdullahi Ismaila Ahmed, Head Corporate Services, FIRS failed to respond to calls made to his known GSM line, and also failed to reply to SMS.