JOS – Plateau workers operating under the umbrella of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and Trade Union Congress (TUC) on Wednesday took to the streets of Jos, the state capital, protesting against the Bill seeking to move national minimum wage from Exclusive to the Concurrent List of the Constitution. Plateau workers, in their numbers, took their demands to Plateau House Assembly where they were received by the Speaker, Mr Abok Ayuba. Mr Sunday Akin, Plateau NLC Chairman, told the Speaker that the protest was declared by the national leadership of NLC and TUC over the national minimum wage, hoarding of petroleum products and a plan to establish a State Judiciary Council (SJC). HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “Congress condemned in its entirety the idea of sponsoring a bill that would remove the minimum wage from the Exclusive Legislative List to Concurrent Legislative list. “State governments have the right to have their own minimum wage so far the wages are not below the national minimum wage. Nigeria Seeks Global Action To Combat Emerging Drug Trafficking Threats – Marwa Enugu NLC, TUC Kick Against Bill To Decentralise National Minimum Wage “The bill sponsored by a member of the House of Representatives, Rep. Garba Datti Mohammed, representing Sabon Gari Federal Constituency, Kaduna, marked HB 950, has passed its 1st and 2nd reading in February 2021. “This bill is anti workers and it must be discarded. “Mr Speaker, we are here to present the position of Plateau workers concerning the three issues,” he said. The Vice Chairman urged the Speaker and indeed the Plateau Assembly to reject the bill if it gets to them. Alhaji Abubakar Umar, TUC on his part, said that the Bill was detrimental to the interest of workers particularly those in Plateau State. Umar added that the workers were confident that the Plateau House Assembly would not support the bill. Responding, the Speaker,  thanked the workers for conducting themselves peacefully. “The issue of amendment of law is a process, it must pass through the two chambers of National Assembly before its gets to state houses of assemblies. “Once it finally comes, we will call the stakeholders and discuss with you before we take a position. “Plateau House of Assembly has never failed workers, even when the Bill for the autonomy for local governments came we passed it in Plateau,” he said.