Following the backlash of the directive by president Muhammadu Buhari to  Nigerian security forces to shoot-at-sight anyone carrying AK47 assault rifles in the forests- a weapon which herders now sling over their shoulders with reckless abandon, (instead of the sticks and knives that the Fulani herdsmen usually arm themselves with) Mr President is now caught in a catch 22 position because of the contradictions. This may very well be a classical case of, if you speak, you are dammed, if you don’t speak, you are equally damned. That is because having not made any declarative utterance on the matter of herdsmen killing, presumably because of his affinity to the Fulani, (some of whom are being fingered for the vagrancy) until it had assumed a pandemic dimension, he was massively criticised for his long silence. And now that he has decided to act by giving security agencies the order to shoot-at-sight any AK47 carrying person in the forests, as conveyed last Wednesday by his spokesman, Garba Shehu, he is still being criticised. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The thumbs down obviously stems from the fact that the directive which is so far the closest direct involvement or intervention in the farcical and fratricidal crime of herdsmen killing by Mr President may be considered by his critics as too little too late as the crisis has degenerated. The mindset of those that are of the belief that the conflict has reached an abysmal level justify their  position with the videos of innocent farmers and villagers recently killed by suspected herdsmen with their homes and farms burnt down and the reprisal actions of the lynching of herdsmen for allegedly murdering the innocent farmers also in videos that have surfaced in the social media. Not since the civil war, (1967-70) did Nigeria descend so lowly to the level of savagery currently being witnessed. U.S., Nigeria: Two Nations Addressing Poverty From Opposite Directions Why Many Nigerians Are Leaving The Country In protest of the jungle justice meted out to the alleged purveyors of violence that are predominantly from the north-the source of most staple food in Nigeria – the supply of food to the south from the north had been blocked by those sympathetic to those lynched. However, shortly after, reason prevailed and the blockade was removed. Ordinarily, the conflict needn’t escalate to the extent of blood letting and the imposition of a trade embargo. But that is what could happen when the leadership at any given time does not make concerted efforts to douse the fire in  combustible situations before they spread and cause more damage in the polity. The government in power should have intervened long ago by enforcing the law which forbids non military personnel from bearing arms. But it did not until the complete breakdown of law and order in Oyo state and environs. The incendiary  comments by the duo of Bala Mohamed and Isa Yuguda, past and present governors of Bauchi state, to the effect that cattle herders had the right to carry AK47 assault rifles to defend themselves against rustlers and that the Fulani herdsmen shouldn’t be hindered from roaming all the forests in Nigeria, amounted to pouring fuel into a burning furnace. On the contrary, the peace maker approach  by the trio of former head of state Abdulsalami Abubakar, Nasir El-Rufai, kaduna State governor, and Abdulahi Ganduje, Kano state governor, by appealing to the feuding parties that they should hold their peace as alternative grazing arrangements that would modernize the practice of animal husbandry are being made, restored peace and calmed frayed nerves. Thankfully, both the present and former governors of Bauchi states  have also  retracted their provocative comments which contravened the law of the land that forbids unauthorised people from bearing arms and criminalises people who forcefully grab other people’s land. And it is to the credit of those at the helms of the security architecture at the centre -most likely at the instance of Minister of Defense, Gen Bashir Magashi and National Security Adviser, NSA, Gen. Babagana Mongonu that the highly volatile situation has been brought under control. Hopefully, the successful quenching of the potential inferno  penultimate week would be permanent as it would be in the best interest of all Nigerians, herders and farmers alike, as well as Christians and Muslims to maintain the peace in order to sustain the potentially great country that our forebears bequeathed to us. It is a no brainer and therefore commonsensical to presume that permanent peace between herders and farmers in our country can only come about when justice and equity are applied in the resolution of the crisis which is now a cankerworm of sorts eating away at the fabrics of our society. Prior to the current directive to the security agencies to shoot-to-kill, president Buhari’s media aids had been issuing statements on his behalf  labeling those engaged in the orgy of killing unarmed Nigerians  under the guise of being herdsmen, as cowardly and ungodly. The problem with such diatribe is that it is counterproductive,  especially as the arsonist never made any claim to being heroes or pretend to be priests. As such,  calling them cowards or making moralistic appeal to their conscience could never sway them from engaging in the dastardly acts that they seem hell bent on perpetuating in order to impose their extremist beliefs or kill and maim Nigerians by unleashing violence on them  in order to cow us into submitting to their whims and caprices. So, the application of moral suasion by president Buhari’s spokespersons have been roundly condemned as ineffective , puerile and of no value simply because the outlaws are not known to have conscience which their moralisations and preachments could prick. While the rhetorics from the presidency lasted for the better part of the past five years, more Nigerians were being sent to their early graves courtesy of the villains who can best be described as nefarious ambassadors that have become unhinged in their nihilistic enterprise in spite of the moralisations from the presidency each time they struck. Even, Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, has retreated from being the mourner-in-chief, a label or toga derived from the fact that he was always leading federal government delegations to offer platitudes to the family members of slain victims of the reckless blood hounds disguised as cattle herders. Perhaps as the killings have become too frequent and his words of commiseration have become too hollow, he has decided to abdicate from the role. Now, there are best and worse case scenarios for president Buhari’s shoot- at-sight order as conveyed through his spokesman, Garba Shehu. In as much as the carte Blanche order to shoot-at-sight anyone wielding deadly weapons in the forests by president Buhari, (who is also the Commander-In-Chief (C-on-C )of the Armed Forces of Nigeria) has resulted in significant reduction in the open carriage of arms by herdsmen, the drastic measure can be said to have had a positive effect. But that’s where the best case scenario ends. And that’s simply because the presidential shoot-at-sight order is susceptible to abuse. It is especially so because of the religious and clannish divide presently suspected to be seeping into the military, which hordes of Nigerian commentators have alluded to and decried as potentially being the worse case scenario in the dangerous presidential directive. Wittingly or unwittingly, the decision is now a malaise and possibly a case of the cure being worse than the disease,  if the statement credited to the highly respected Islamic cleric,  Sheikh Ahmad Gumi is credible. It may be recalled that the cleric was reported  as having reinforced or accentuated the Muslim -Non Muslim divide in the military and country at large, when in the cause of his ongoing interactions with the outlaws in their forest bases, (in the bid to secure repentance from them) he allegedly told the insurgents that it is not the Muslim members of the Nigerian military forces that are killing them. And that it is the non Muslim soldiers that are shooting to kill them. If indeed the Sheikh really made the divisive comment attributed to him, (as such, a dichotomy actually exists in the military) one can only imagine that the Muslim soldiers would be flouting the presidential order to shoot to kill arms bearing bandits in the forests by refraining from shooting fellow Muslims even when they are found to be bearing arms illegally as directed by Mr president. Not only that. Muslim soldiers may also feel obliged to sabotage the non Muslims in their efforts to plot the routing of Islamic insurgents by divulging vital tactical information to the outlaws that are Muslims,  thus thwarting the plans by president Buhari to wipe out the scourge of insecurity that has put majority of Nigerians in harms way thereby  blighting his reign in office with severe consequential dent to his legacy. It is quite relieving that Sheikh Gumi has repudiated the claim by explaining that what transpired was twisted by taking his dialogue with the insurgents out of context. His rebuttal appear to be plausible because as a self appointed peace broker, how would he be pitching the outlaws who are predominantly Muslims against non Muslims in the military help his mission or cause of gaining amnesty from government for them?  Based on the logic above, l would like to give the respected Sheikh the benefit of doubt. More so in these days of application of sophisticated information technology softwares to amplify, twist and superimpose voices and videos. In my reckoning, it is not beyond those who are intent on setting our beloved country ablaze to adopt or employ all evil means to ignite or stoke the firestorm of ethnic conflicts that could result in conflagrations around the country. Given the sensitivity of the issue of religion which is underpinned and validated by the German sociologist and economic theorist, Karl Marx’s description of religion as the Opium Of The People: the potential or likely lack of unity of purpose in the military driven by loyalty to religion would clearly  endanger the lives of soldiers (most likely non Muslims) who may be put in harm’s way when the enemy (bandits) knows of attack plans ahead of their execution through tip-offs by fellow Muslims in the military that may be susceptible to being swayed by the pandering to religious sentiments than the order given by the (C-in-C) President Mohammadu Buhari. So the wrong notion of non Muslims being the ones killing the Muslim insurgents must be nipped in the bud before it assumes or takes on a life of its own. That’s perhaps why the military has in a press release by the director of army public relations, brigadier general,  Mohamed Yerima strongly rejected the notion that the military has been infected by the virus of sectarianism. It may be recalled that it is the lack of integrity in the sharing of critical and coded information about troop movements, tactics and strategy that was given as the reason for  the disengagement by the United States Army contingent that was offering military assistance to the Nigerian troops combating the insurgents. The decision to discontinue with the relationship followed their accusation of members of Nigerian military of the crime of leaking strategic information to Boko Haram and ISWAP. Generally, disunity and disharmony stemming from lack of trust amongst military service men and women, especially those in the frontline negatively impact ability to be at their optimum performance levels. It is in the bid to avoid such compromises that could lead to unnecessary loss of lives in the battle field, that the military in the Western world-USA, UK – instituted a rule against Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, LGBT, members of the force fighting along side straight men and women in uniform. That is because of the suspicion  that both the LGBT and straight officers and men may not be on the same page most of the time which is a necessity in the war front. It is from a similar prism that in Nigeria, the risk inherent in the fanning of the embers of religion in the military could have fatal effects in its ability  to defeat insurgents, flush out bandits disguised as genuine herdsmen and keep the peace. Also, with a plethora of state or regional security outfits such as ClVILIAN JTF in the north and AMOTEKUN in the south west, as well as Eastern Security Network,  springing up in the south east to fill the gap or void left by the lack of state police, (which is overdue) the religious and ethnic cleavages in the military can work at cross purposes by deliberately or mistakenly shooting-at-sight of members of the aforementioned informal security or vigilante outfits in what may later be described as friendly fire with calamitous aftermath. Worse of all, although the dreaded SARS -the police formation that our youths recently protested against for their crookedness has been disbanded, the president’s shoot-at-sight directive would be a good cover to set up their victims, after extorting them, then shoot them to death and then plant fire arms in their cars or homes as evidence against the victims and alibi for the crooked security operative. And it would be in compliance with Mr president’s order. Against the backdrop of the scenarios painted above, president Buhari is clearly in a no-win situation as the solution he is proffering (shoot-at-sight of anyone bearing arms illegally in the forests) may indeed further inflame and deepen the crises. That’s if the unscrupulous elements in the armed forces take the laws into their hands by jettisoning the military or police ethos of respecting human rights and exercising restraint of shooting only if threatened. My suspicion is that President Buhari might have been pressured to give the directive of shoot- at-sight any Ak47 bearing person in the forest following the deluge of references to the deft moves which ex -president Olusegun Obasanjo, OBJ had made  at the inception of his administration in 1999.  To scupper the potentials of Yoruba ethnic supremacy before it could degenerate to the current Hausa/Fulani supremacy on parade, OBJ had directed security forces to shoot-at-sight any Odua People Congress , OPC, members breaching the peace. That harsh decision was informed by the fact that OPC was similarly trying to foist on the nation the type of brigandage currently being perpetuated by criminals in herdsmen garb. To avoid a situation whereby the country could be thrown into a state of anarchy of the sort that we are currently experiencing with killer herdsmen, the president who was new in the job at that time, took the drastic measure to stamp out such impunity, definitively any convincingly.