ADO-EKITI- Chieftain of the People’s Democratic Party(PDP),Engineer  Segun Oni has admonished governor Kayode Fayemi  to do more in securing the lives of farmers in order to guarantee food security. Oni, a former Governor of Ekiti State condemned the recent  killings of two farmers  in Ikole Ekiti by suspected herdsmen. The PDP chieftain who gave this admonition in a statement made available to newsmen in Ado-Ekiti said the killings becoming one too many . HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! For the farmers in Ekiti State, he observed that  the pattern and precarious nature of these killings have created palpable fear, lowered their morale and the attendant consequence of food shortages and socio-economic dislocation. According to him, government  must secure our people, and bring the perpetrators to swift justice. He sympathised with the families of the victims of this wicked act. FG Using FTZs To Reduce High Unemployment Rate, Insecurity BREAKING: [Video] Ogun Receives 100,000 Dozes Of COVID-19 Vaccines “I deeply sympathise with the families of the farmers in Ikole Ekiti killed by some suspected herdsmen who are now said to be on the run. This act of wickedness and callousness is totally unacceptable and I strongly condemn this herder’s inhumanity to farmers.” He urged the security agencies to  act swiftly and do everything within their power to bring the perpetrators to justice. “ “These latest killings must not be added to the numbers of similar killings where justice are yet to be served.” He admonished the law enforcement agencies to take holistic actions that will instil confidence in the farmers and encourage them to return to their farms. The former governor insists that the state government must also, at this point, do everything possible to secure our farms and the people. He also advised the Federal government to accord security of the nation a very  high priority “I also want to urge the federal government to take the onslaughts of these criminals masquerading as herdsmen seriously; we must never allow insecurity to define our nation.”