Pele has congratulated Cristiano Ronaldo for surpassing his goal-scoring tally after the Portugal international scored a hat-trick in Juventus’ 3-1 Serie A win over Cagliari on Sunday. Ronaldo’s hat-trick means he has now scored a total of 770 goals in his career, surpassing Pele’s unofficial total of 767 ‘official’ goals. “Congratulations on breaking my record of goals in official matches,” Pele said on Instagram on Sunday. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! FIFA does not keep an official record of who is on top of the all-time scoring list and it has long been a topic of hot debate. 8 Games Without Winning Unfortunate, Sunshine Stars Coach Laments Man City Team Worst Of My Five-Year Blues Reign – Guardiola Pele states on his own Instagram page that he has scored a total of 1,283 goals. This number, however, includes goals scored in amateur, unofficial and friendly matches. Pele is widely acknowledged to have scored 757 ‘official’ goals — with a further ten scored for a ‘military team’ and for a ‘Sao Paolo Selection XI’ between 1959 and 1962, bringing his total to 767. Some meanwhile hailed Ronaldo for breaking the record when he reached 760 goals, appearing to surpass the number scored by Austria and Czechoslovakia striker Josef Bican. There have been claims from the Czech Football Association that former Austria and Czechoslovkia striker Josef Bican leads the all-time charts 821 goals. Data from Rec.Sport.Soccer.Statistics Foundation (RSSSF) suggests that Bican scored 805 career goals. Among these, however, were 27 for Rapid Vienna’s reserve teams and strikes that were not in official international matches. Without these, it leaves Bican on 759 goals — 11 short of Ronaldo’s tally. Ronaldo celebrated reaching the milestone after Juventus’ win and explained how he had calculated the record. “The last few weeks were filled with news and stats considering me the World’s Top Scorer in football history, overcoming Pele’s 757 official goals. Although I’m thankful for that recognition, now it’s time for me to explain why I didn’t acknowledge that record until this moment,” Ronaldo said on Instagram. “My everlasting and unconditional admiration for mister Edson Arantes do Nascimento [Pele], such as the respect that I have for mid-20th century football, led me to take into account his 767 score, assuming his 9 goals for Sao Paulo State Team, as well as his single goal for the Brazilian Military Team, as official goals. “The World has changed since then and football has changed as well, but this doesn’t mean that we can just erase history according to our interests. “I’m filled with joy and pride as I acknowledge the goal that put’s me on top of the World’s goalscoring list, overcoming Pelé’s record, something that I could never have dreamed of while growing up as a child from Madeira.” Ronaldo added that his “story” is “still far from being over”. Pele was quick to react to Ronaldo’s statement and acknowledged that his ‘official’ goals tally had been broken. “Life is a solo flight. Each makes his own journey. And what a beautiful journey you are having. I admire you a lot, I love watching you play and this is no secret to anyone,” Pele wrote on Instagram. “Congratulations on breaking my record of goals in official matches. My only regret is not being able to give you a hug today.”