Bayelsa State Government has advised corporate organisations operating in the state to honour the local content policy in the execution of projects. Deputy Governor Lawrence Ewhrudjakpo gave the advice during a meeting between youths of Epie Kingdom, the state government and representatives of Lubrik Construction Company at the Government House, Yenagoa, on Thursday. He pointed out that most of the challenges militating against the smooth execution of projects would be avoided if the policy was adhered to by companies. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Ewhrudjakpo in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media, Mr Doubara Atasi, stated that the role of local content must be clearly negotiated, particularly in the area of youth engagement in the implementation of government projects. According to him, the good intentions of government may not materialise if all parties involved failed to harmonise their interests for the purpose of development and sustainable prosperity. Makinde Mourns Late Commissioner, Ayoola’s Wife FGGC Monguno Enrolls 800 Out-of-School Girls On Zulum’s Full Scholarship He equally advised the youths of Epie-Atissa, hosts of the state capital, Yenagoa, to be reasonable in their demands as the present administration was in a hurry to give the state capital a befitting facelift. Ewhrudjakpo said, “I want us to legitimise our demands. For instance, if they (the company) have not employed anybody from our area, that is wrong because the local content policy says almost all the junior staff should be drawn from the catchment area. “So, if they are now bringing all the chain men, peggers, water boys , carpenters and other labourers from outside to do all the works, then that is not acceptable. So, to the company, I strongly advise they should obey the local content policy.” To this end, a five-member committee headed by the Deputy Chief of Staff, Deputy Governor’s Office, Mr Alex Dumbo, was constituted to look into the demands of the Epie youths and the claims by the company. Also speaking, the Site Manager of Lubrik Construction Company, Mr Hadi Chehade alongside the Project Engineer, Mr Ralph Jreij, said that 85 percent of the workers engaged by the firm in the project were employed from the affected communities. They explained that since the construction of the Igbogene-AIT Road project was being done in phases, the employment of labourers would also be in phases, adding that the company had already engaged a Bayelsan as its Community Liaison Officer (CLO). In his remarks, the President of Epie-Atissa Youth Council, Inatimi Timothy, said they were not saboteurs but simply demanding their pride of place in the area of employment and security to ensure seamless execution of projects in the state capital.