Renewed commitment by relevant authorities towards addressing the lingering gridlock along Apapa corridors which has adversely affected activities at the Lagos ports for close to a decade is indeed commendable. Notwithstanding however, the frustration arising from the chaotic traffic situation within and around Apapa corridors has lasted for too long a period. No doubt, the traffic situation in Apapa ought not to have degenerated into such abysmal level if proactive measures were in place to periodically respond and forestall congestion at the ports as well as contain increasing vehicular activities around the seaports corridors. It is obvious there was no contingency plan to undertake expansion at the ports over the last two decades which undoubtedly has overstretched facilities within the ports as well as overwhelmed road facilities for undertaking logistics activities emanating from the ports. In response to the challenge, President Muhammadu Buhari inaugurated a Presidential Task Force on Port Decongestion on April 25, 2019 which unfortunately issued several ultimatums that were defied by the severity of gridlock. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The gridlock on Apapa persisted notwithstanding that the Presidential Task Force on Port Decongestion under the supervision of Vice President Professor Yemi Osinbajo has since been working in concert with Lagos State Government. It would thus appear only a permanent solution that will take into account expansion of ports to tap into huge potentials beyond the seaports in Lagos has become imperative. However, addressing the gridlock which has constituted menace to business stakeholders, commuters as well as residents of Apapa should rigorously be pursued as immediate and continuous intervention. In the meantime, it should be instructive to describe improvements recorded, so far, in port decongestion and in easing traffic gridlock along Apapa corridors as slow and steady. The Insecurity Threat To Schools NASS, INEC And Constituencies’ Delineation While there appears to be ray of hope solution may finally be on the way with improvement in infrastructure and traffic management at the ports, it would however be a huge relief to see the gridlock becoming a thing of the past as soon as possible. Commuters as well as residents and business owners would like to see improvement in the enforcement of regulations that will end the incessant and menacing parking of trailers along the routes and bridges leading to Apapa. It is rather unfortunate domestic and commercial activities have been disrupted in Apapa as well as the neighborhoods in the last couple of years as a result of the gridlock which has forced residents and business owners to relocate into other areas of Lagos regardless of the inconveniences. It is therefore a welcome development Lagos State Government has embarked on expansion and rehabilitation of roads around the Apapa corridors which is expected to translate into considerable relief for residents whose quest to see semblance of normalcy restored in the neighborhoods can only be imagined even if the pains of traffic gridlock on major roads linking the ports still remain a concern. Notwithstanding, a permanent solution to the hydra-headed gridlock in Apapa is anticipated by stakeholders who have suffered huge business losses in the last couple of years; particularly considering the nature of ports’ activities which necessitate inflow of large number of heavy-duty vehicles along the routes. Hopefully, the new e-call-up system aimed at regulating movement of heavy-duty vehicles into Apapa ports will be sustained to rid the roads of hazards constituted by long-stretch of stationary vehicles. We therefore expect relevant authorities at the ports to ensure strict adherence to the e-call-up arrangement as a way of controlling vehicular movement and to ensure free flow of traffic. Traffic gridlock on the routes to Nigeria’s major seaports in Apapa has been upsetting. The untold hardship which business owners as well residents in Apapa and the neighbourhoods have had to bear over the years is unfortunate and therefore should not be allowed to persist. The economic losses resulting from the gridlock have been far-reaching with huge consequences on household incomes, private and corporate businesses as well as revenues accruable to government. It is therefore reassuring that frantic efforts are being made by the Federal as well as Lagos State Government to find lasting solutions to the crisis. It is pertinent to appreciate that efforts of Lagos State Government and the Presidential Task Force on the de-congestion of Apapa ports are yielding fruits. Hopefully, the success achieved so far will be sustained. Apapa gridlock is no doubt surmountable; but we expect greater commitment to delivering on the two-pronged approach of regulating inflow of trucks into the ports as well as expansion of road networks to conveniently accommodate the heavy traffic along the routes leading to Apapa which comprise Apapa-Oshodi, Western Avenue-Apapa and Badagry-Ojo-Apapa expressways. More important however is the need to unleash the immense ports potentials in Nigeria by prioritizing development of deep seaports as well as dry or inland ports so as to address the prevailing challenges of congestion in the existing functional ports.