BENIN – The Nigerian Feminist Forum (NFF) a women’s rights advocate group, has called for the establishment of legal funds to assist women politicians to overcome financial constraint militating against them. NFF, described as key players in advancement of women rights made the recommendations at a one-day sensitisation programme to discuss legal reform and women political participation in decision making in Benin City. The group also called on political parties to create a support network for prospective aspirant by pairing them with established women politicians who will be playing key role as mentors and provide capacity building for young or aspiring female politicians to enhance and develop them ahead of subsequent elections. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Chinonso Okechukwu, focal person of the Nigerian Feminist Forum, who spoke at a forum organised by the group said despite several efforts made to improve women participation in governance, women representation in politics and other decision making process still struggles tremendously. Okechukwu identified low level of education, finance, political violence, religious and cultural barriers, stigmatisation as some of the challenges confronting active participation of women in social life. Party Crisis: Sowore Remains Expelled As AAC Chairman – Ezenwa Labour Party Supports Protests Against Removal Of Minimum Wage From Executive List Also speaking, Mrs Louisa Eikhomun Agbonkhese, appealed to the federal government to allow money meant to support political aspirants which has since been operational at the federal level to also be allowed to trickle down to the ward, local and state adding that it will encourage young ones to go into politics. Another discussant, Austin Osakue, a human rights activist, emphasized the need to empower women, noting that “A success without a successor is a monumental failure. “Women are making a lot of progress outside. But, a lot of them do not have the financial muscle to play politics,” he said.