Recently, a constitutional crisis brewed between Nigeria’s House of Representatives and Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) over a directive by the country’s lower Legislative chamber urging the Commission to create more federal constituencies ahead of the 2023 national elections. Adopting a motion of Urgent National Importance, sponsored by Minority Leader, Ndudi Elumelu, entitled: “Review of the Division of states of the Federation into Federal Constituencies” the House asked the federal government to direct the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to immediately comply with the provisions of the 1999 constitution as amended by creating additional Federal Constituencies in the country. However, reacting in a statement issued by Festus Okoye, its commissioner for information and voter education, the commission noted that while the division of the country into electoral constituencies is its sole responsibility, “subsequent revision of the constituencies and/or adjustment of their boundaries are the joint responsibilities of the commission and the national assembly”. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “Consequently, any such revision or adjustment must be passed by a resolution of the two houses of the National Assembly, namely the Senate and the House of Representatives,” INEC stated. The extant laws in the 1999 constitution, which established the House of Representatives and State Houses of Assembly state that the number of constituencies operational in 36 states of the federation shall be reviewed in not less than 10 years of their current status. That has not happened since 1999 that the country returned to democracy after almost 15 years of military rule. The Petrol Subsidy Conundrum Averting The Looming Labour Crisis Nigeria currently runs on the legislative platforms which have a bi-cameral National Assembly comprising the Senate with 109 members, House of Representatives, 360, while the 36 houses of assembly have a uni-cameral setting with cumulative 981 members. The recent call by the House of Representatives, therefore, underscores the imperative to take a more cursory look at the salient desire of the country’s constitution for continually expanding the base of Nigeria’s representative democracy to make it more robust and participatory, particularly in line with population growth of the existing constituencies within the respective states. It is not the first time that the House was making such a call, just as it had on previous instances asked the electoral body to increase the number of state constituencies in states where the numbers they currently have in their respective houses of assembly fall short of the representation desired by the nation’s constitution. Indeed, creation of new legislative constituencies has been a ding-dong affair between the parliament, more especially the House of Representatives, and INEC since the past years. Prior to the current motion, the same house had on February 17, 2021 adopted a motion sponsored by Ajibola Muraina representing Ibarapa Central/North, Oyo state, and 13 others, asking for more state constituencies. Muraina’s motion followed an earlier one by Hon. Kingsley Chinda (Rivers PDP), on November 3, 2016, for the restoration of ‘suppressed constituencies’. Chinda’s motion had identified 66 of such suppressed constituencies across 19 states and the House so directed the INEC to reinstate them as listed inter alia: Akwa Ibom (4), Anambra (3), Bauchi (5), Benue (4), Borno (2), Delta (1), Edo (3), Imo (3), Jigawa (3), Kaduna (6), Katsina (6), Kogi (2), Niger (3), Ogun (1), Ondo (1), Osun (1), Oyo (8), Rivers (7) and Sokoto (3). We appreciate the fact that INEC is hamstrung on the review of existing state assembly constituencies or resurrecting those that existed in the deceased constitutions, now referred to as the “suppressed constituencies”, before the 1999 constitution currently operational. Since the 1999 constitution expressly states the number of federal constituencies that currently exists and the multiple numbers for the state assemblies, restoring the constituencies under the old order will violate the spirit of the new constitution. There are also 42 unconcluded cases in courts on this same issue. But I is instructive to note that the review of federal and state constituencies is most desirable and patently rewarding to widening the base of the country’s democratic representation. INEC should work meticulously and speedily to dispose of all cases in court while the commission continues to intensely engage the National Assembly on a collaborative approach to tackle the legislative challenges on the way. As two strong institutions imbued with the constitutional mandate to jointly handle this aspect of the country’s democratic sustenance, the National Assembly and INEC must work together, and very fast too, to avail the country’s democracy the robust benefits inherent in the exercise.