As Nigeria joins the rest of the world to commemorate this year’s International Women’s Day, Initiative for Social Impact and Sustainable Development (ISISD) has called on the Nigerian government to bridge the gap in leadership positions for women. In a statement by ISISD Coordinator, Funmi Falobi, Nigerian women are doing great in the society and it is important for the government to ensure there is the enabling environment for women to thrive in their various endeavours as well as in political leadership positions. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! With this year’s theme; “Women in Leadership: Achieving an Equal Future in Covid-19 World” Falobi said no doubt women are breaking barriers in every sector and in governance. But, a lot still needs to be done to ensure we achieve equality in leadership positions. “Now is the time to challenge the status quo for equal leadership roles for women and women with disability. BREAKING: [Video] Ogun Receives 100,000 Dozes Of COVID-19 Vaccines FG Partners Nile University In Production Of “As world leaders and global stakeholders join hands in commemorating the International Women’s Day 2021, the Initiative for Social Impact and Sustainable Development (ISISD) align with the #ChooseToChallenge to enhance gender rights,” she said. “Beyond the clamour for gender inclusivity in a day like this, we clamour for continuous collective action by all stakeholders to ensure that girls and women are not left behind in the development dynamics of society, politics and governance and leadership. The education of the girl child is imperative and germane for equality” Falobi added. Speaking further she said when we work together to have an inclusive society where women are not afraid to unleash their potentials, we will have a society of progress, unity and great impact on humanity. She however called on stakeholders and industry gurus to work towards the actualisation of equality in leadership positions saying. “Today, we at the ISISD #ChooseToChallenge the inequality in political leadership positions, biases in every sector and limitations against empowerment of women and women with disability and we hope others will join us to challenge gender inequality for saner society.”