The United States Consulate, Lagos, has expressed its commitment to the freedom of the press in Nigeria to sustain democracy and citizens’ engagement with the government. The US consulate’s Public Affairs Officer, Mr Stephen Ibelli, said this on Monday during his remarks at the commencement of a two-day ‘Post-Election Reporting Workshop’ for select journalists organised by Media Career Development Network (MCDN) in Yenagoa, the capital of Bayelsa State. Sub-themes covered by the training sponsored by the US Consulate include, media and democratic accountability, reporting conflicts, the journalism and ethics, and professional development. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Ibelli commended the Nigerian media for playing the watchdog role effectively and standing firm as the Fourth Estate of the Realm in the country. He noted that the media and practising journalists had continued to defend democracy by giving citizens the voice to engage government to sustain the nation’s civic space. BREAKING: [Video] Ogun Receives 100,000 Dozes Of COVID-19 Vaccines FG Partners Nile University In Production Of He said he had observed how the media had contributed to issues of accountability and transparency in Nigeria in a bid to bring about good governance and strengthen democracy and citizens participation. Ibelli further said, “In the United States, we call the press the Fourth Haven of Democracy because you also are the protectors of democracy and free society. We at the consulate recognise this and commend your efforts in holding the government and leaders accountable. We remain very committed in supporting freedom of the press. “You play a major role in engendering good governance and this is not what can be done easily. Beyond informing the people, you should give citizens a voice and tools they need to continue to engage the government for the sustainable and lasting change they desire.” In his presentation on media and democratic accountability, a resource person and professor of communications at the Lagos State University, Prof Lai Oso, stressed that in order for the media to function as a platform to assist citizens exercise their power, journalists must be independent and courageous. Oso said, “The media was carved out to monitor governance. The major responsibility of the media (in Section 22 of the Constitution) is to hold the government accountable. And to achieve this, journalists must engage in investigative journalism that brings attention to wrongdoing.” Igoniko Oduma Yenagoa The United States Consulate, Lagos, has expressed its commitment to the freedom of press in Nigeria to sustain democracy and citizens’ engagement with the government. The US consulate’s Public Affairs Officer, Mr Stephen Ibelli, said this on Monday during his remarks at the commencement of a two-day ‘Post-Election Reporting Workshop’ for select journalists organised by Media Career Development Network (MCDN) in Yenagoa, the capital of Bayelsa State. Sub-themes covered by the training sponsored by the US Consulate include, media and democratic accountability, reporting conflicts, the journalism and ethics, and professional development. Ibelli commended the Nigerian media for playing the watchdog role effectively and standing firm as the Fourth Estate of the Realm in the country. He noted that the media and practising journalists had continued to defend democracy by giving citizens the voice to engage government to sustain the nation’s civic space. He said he had observed how the media had contributed to issues of accountability and transparency in Nigeria in a bid to bring about good governance and strengthen democracy and citizens participation. Ibelli further said, “In the United States, we call the press the Fourth Haven of Democracy because you also are the protectors of democracy and free society. We at the consulate recognise this and commend your efforts in holding the government and leaders accountable. We remain very committed in supporting freedom of the press. “You play a major role in engendering good governance and this is not what can be done easily. Beyond informing the people, you should give citizens a voice and tools they need to continue to engage the government for the sustainable and lasting change they desire.” In his presentation on media and democratic accountability, a resource person and professor of communications at the Lagos State University, Prof Lai Oso, stressed that in order for the media to function as a platform to assist citizens exercise their power, journalists must be independent and courageous. Oso said, “The media was carved out to monitor governance. The major responsibility of the media (in Section 22 of the Constitution) is to hold government accountable. And to achieve this, journalists must engage in investigative journalism that brings attention to wrongdoing.”