LAGOS  – The Rotimi Chibuike Amaechi’s faction of the Rivers State chapter of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has applauded the fresh Supreme Court judgment, which threw out the bid by Mr. Igo Aguma to reclaim the party’s chairmanship position in the state. The apex court also affirmed that Hon. Victor Giadom was right to have assumed office as the party’s Acting National Chairman, but noted that the ruling was now “academic”. Aguma had approached the Supreme Court to reinstate him as the chairman of the APC in the state, but the apex court instead declared Isaac Ogbobula as the rightful chairman. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The court also affirmed the judgment of the Court of Appeal, which had earlier annulled the retired Justice Omereji’s High Court verdict. Spokesman of Amaechi’s faction of the party, Ogbonna Nwuke, while reacting to the Apex Court’s ruling, described it as upright and just. FIRS Management, Staff Bicker Over Union Election, As Northern Delegates Plot Boycott Agric Extension Agents Commend FG For Training, Appeal For Sustainability This is as Aguma and his media assistant, Mr. Livingstone Nweche, resigned their membership of the party. Nwuke said: “Today (Friday, March 5, 2021) the Supreme Court has finally ended all arguments relating to who the authentic chairman of the Rivers Caretaker Committee is. It is now clear that Igo Aguma was a meddlesome tomboy fly who had no right, under whatever guise, to challenge the right of the party to choose leaders of its Caretaker Committee. “Based on the ruling, Isaac Ogbobula is the authentic chairman. Now that the obstacles placed on the way of the Rivers APC have been removed, we want to thank the Justices of the Supreme Court for their wisdom and upright decision. “The Rivers people are elated by the ruling of the apex court. The decision has lifted the veil and put all who were behind the action to destabilise the APC to shame. “We thank our leader, Rt. Hon Rotimi Amaechi, for his sterling leadership qualities and commend all those who fought on the side of truth. We cannot thank them enough. Now that the storm is over, we wish to state categorically that our doors are open to receive all who believe in the mission of the APC.” While announcing his resignation from the party in a statement he personally signed, Aguma, said: “It is now clear that it is not within the purview of the court to protect the rights and privileges of members of a political party, in this case, the APC. It is the APC that should protect the rights of her members but has failed to do so. “I cannot continue to be a member of a political party that endangers and does not give any form of protection to the rights of its members and has no respect whatsoever for its own constitution at all but chooses to be run against democratic principles intoto for self-destructive purposes. Therefore, I announce my exit from the APC immediately. To God be the glory.” As it stands, the battle for the control of the structure of the Rivers State chapter of the APC has raised the political stakes between Amaechi and Senator Magnus Abe, further dwindling the party’s chances of making an impact in 2023. The internal wrangling within the Rivers State chapter of the opposition APC, which cost the party the opportunity to present candidates for elections since 2019, appears far from over. A series of litigation, which has ensured the oscillation of the party leadership between one faction and the other has continued to dodge attempts by the party to get its acts together. Political pundits are worried that should this trend continue, the party will remain in the opposition in Rivers State beyond 2023. At the centre of this crisis is a power tussle between Amaechi and the former Senator representing Rivers East, Magnus Abe. The supremacy battle between the two APC chieftains and their loyalists, which dates back to 2018, cost the APC a chance to compete for three Senatorial seats, 13 House of Representatives seats and 23 seats in the State Assembly during the 2019 general elections. At the twilight of Amaechi’s tenure as governor in 2015, Abe had expressed a desire to succeed him as governor but Amaechi anointed Dr. Dakuku Peterside, instead. Peterside lost the election to the then Minister of State for Education, now Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike. A similar scenario played out in 2019 when Abe again renewed his quest to become governor. Again, Amaechi preferred someone else; this time, it was a Lagos-based businessman, Mr. Tonye Cole. Amaechi preferred the indirect mode of primaries which many believed would favour his preferred candidate. But Abe, believing in his popularity among the party faithful, preferred direct primaries. The stage was set for a major political war which the APC has been unable to recover from ever since. Hundreds of delegates purchased forms to partake in the rancorous 2018 APC ward and local government congresses meant to produce party leaders at all levels but were denied the opportunity to participate in the process. A majority of these persons found good company in Senator Abe who took the matter to court. They obtained a valid injunction stopping the party from going ahead with the primaries. This set off a chain of events culminating in what became of the party’s quest to present candidates for the 2019 elections. The matter went from the State High Court to Appeal Court, then to the Supreme Court which upheld the position of the lower court. In a landmark judgement, the Supreme Court held that the Rivers State chapter of the APC lacked a basis for fielding candidates based on the fact that it ignored an earlier court order barring it from conducting primaries. This, without doubt, paved the way for the People’s Democratic Party and its candidate, Nyesom Wike, to enjoy a smooth ride to Government House for a second term in 2019. Those who thought the APC had learnt sufficient lessons from the sad events have been forced to have a rethink. Soon after 2019 elections, two parallel caretaker committees: one led by Amaechi’s loyalist, Abbot Isaac-Ogbobula, and the other led by Abe’s loyalist, Igo Aguma, emerged. The new frontier was who takes charge of the party machinery ahead of the 2023 general elections. A fresh set of litigation started in 2020. A Rivers High Court dismissed Abbot-Ogbobula’s appointment as caretaker committee chairman and declared Aguma as the authentic leader. However, the table turned with the dissolution of the Adams Oshiomhole-led APC National Working Committee which was said to be sympathetic to the Aguma-led faction. The National Executive Committee of the party on June 25, 2020, empaneled the Governor Mai Mala- Buni-led National Caretaker Committee and asked all members with cases in court to withdraw them. By December 8, 2020, when the APC NEC met a second time, it dissolved all state and zonal executives and for Rivers State, appointed Mr. Ogbobula as the state caretaker chairman. On the strength of this appointment, Amaechi and his loyalists inaugurated caretaker executives at the ward and local government levels. Abe’s loyalists, however, kicked against the NEC decision. In a statement issued by Abe’s spokesperson, Parry Benson, shortly after the inauguration, the former federal lawmaker said, “It is this imperial approach to the challenges facing the party without the input and consultation of other stakeholders’ that is responsible for the crisis in the party. It is clear that those who believe in the power of man are once again on the move. “It is indeed unfortunate at this critical time in the political game, that the APC in Rivers State has learnt nothing and forgotten nothing. It appears that the minister and his supporters are still hell-bent on their way or the highway.” Abe took exceptions to the decision of the national body to align with one faction of the party to the exclusion of other critical stakeholders. To consolidate their claim to the leadership of the party, each of the factions announced wide-sweeping suspensions of their opponents. First, the Isaac Abbot-Ogbobula Caretaker Committee loyal to Amaechi on Saturday, December 19, suspended Abe, Aguma; and former Attorney General and Commissioner for Justice, Worgu Boms, over alleged anti-party activities. In response, Aguma described the action of the Abbot-Ogbobula-led committee as disrespectful and an act of insubordination. While announcing the suspensions, Abbot-Ogbobula said, “We met and looked at the state of the party in the state, X-rayed and reviewed some issues towards moving the party forward, cleaning up the party and taking disciplinary measures against members of the party who caused infractions on the party.” Aguma, acting on behalf of Abe’s loyalists, responded in kind. On Monday, December 21, 2020, his faction equally announced the expulsion of a former Deputy National Secretary of the party, Chief Victor Giadom, from the party, and suspended Amaechi. In an attempt to restore order, the Buni-led Caretaker/ Extra-Ordinary National Convention Planning Committee voided both suspensions and in two separate letters, urged the two factions to work together. In one of the letters titled, “Purported suspension and expulsion of members of the party in Rivers State”, signed by the Head, Legal Services of the APC, Dare Oketade, and addressed to the state APC caretaker committee chairman, Isaac Ogbobula, the party said, “The national secretariat of the party has reviewed the purported suspension of several members of the party in Rivers State as having not been in accordance with the procedures as set out by the constitution of our party. “Therefore, the purported suspension of several party members including Senator Magnus Abe, who is a revered leader of the party in Rivers State, is not in accordance with the provisions of the party’s constitution and a distraction on the national leadership of the party, which is focused on the reconciliation of the members of the party and rebuilding of the party from bottom up.” It urged party members to stop the media war and afford themselves the opportunity offered by the Chief John Odigie-Oyegun-led South-South Reconciliation Committee to seek redress. A Port Harcourt-based public affairs commentator, Mr. Higher King, had urged the warring APC factions to sheath their swords. He reportedly said, “One of the advice I will give to my learned friend, Abe, and a former governor, Amaechi, is that they should be able to work together. These are two very good friends. “They were the three musketeers when they were together. Amaechi, Wike and Abe. They were the ones that fought until Amaechi’s K-leg was straightened at the Supreme Court.” Also speaking about the situation, the Chairman, Rivers State Civil Society Organisations, Enefaa Georgewill, said, “All parties (factions) should subject themselves to democratic processes. What that means is that, all sides should be given the opportunity to participate in congresses following internal democracy without favouring any side.” In a new twist to the dispute, an Appeal Court judgment issued on December 29, 2020, in Abuja, just like the national secretariat of the APC, recognised Ogbobula-led leadership. Apparently unsatisfied, the Aguma-led faction which is loyal to Amaechi threatened to approach the Supreme Court. As an interim measure, it said in obedience to the Appeal Court ruling sacking Aguma as chairman, it had appointed a former member of the Rivers State House of Assembly, Golden Chioma, as the party’s caretaker committee chairman. It urged its supporters to remain calm until the matter was finally sorted out. The long drawn legal battle involving the two major factions in the Rivers State chapter of the APC was finally laid to rest penultimate weekend as the Supreme Court sacked the Igo Aguma led caretaker committee. For now, Amaechi and his supporters have an opportunity to either woo their fellow party men to their side in order to rebuild the party or chase them out to swell the ranks of the PDP. As things stand, the national secretariat of the party has an onerous task of rebuilding the confidence of all party members in the state if the APC is to make an impact in 2023.