The Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) has received final approvals of its demutualisation plan from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) respectively. With these approvals, The Exchange has now completed its demutualisation process. But what should investors begin to expect going forward from the demutualised entity? Bamidele Famoofo queries. In the last two decades, the dream to have a demutualised exchange was conceived by the founding fathers of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) and now it has come true. The NSE last week announced that it has received final approvals of its demutualisation plan from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) respectively. “With these approvals, The Exchange has now completed its demutualisation process,” the statement read in part. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Demutualisation is a process by which a private, member-owned company, such as a stock exchange, or a mutual life insurance company, legally changes its structure, in order to become a public-traded company owned by shareholders. These holdings can then be traded like the shares of a company. The idea is to change the structure of exchanges that were originally formed as trusts. Under the demutualisation plan, according the NSE, a new non-operating holding company, the Nigerian Exchange Group Plc (‘NGX Group’) has been created. Strengthening Food Systems Must Be At Centre Of Africa’s COVID-19 Recovery – AfDB UBA: Growth In Core, Non-Core Incomes Boosts 2020FY Performance The Group will have three operating subsidiaries, namely: Nigerian Exchange Limited (NGX Limited), the operating exchange; NGX Regulation Limited (NGX REGCO), the independent regulation company; and NGX Real Estate Limited (NGX RELCO), the real estate company. All the entities have been duly registered at the CAC. Otunba Abimbola Ogunbanjo, NSE Council President, savouring the joy of victory, said: “Successful demutualisation was one of my fundamental objectives when I assumed the Presidency of The Exchange. The SEC’s decision today to approve the NSE’s demutualisation plans brings this aspiration to a successful conclusion in a process that included the passage of the Demutualisation Act through the National Assembly. “We are elated that this milestone has been achieved as we celebrate the 60th anniversary of the commencement of trading at the Exchange and now look forward to the future public listing of its shares on NGX Limited.” Ogunbanjo hinted that the demutualisation exercise just achieved, “on behalf of the NSE, I would make the NSE a multifaceted exchange that extends across various markets and geographical regions.” Speaking about the changes that will begin to happen and how they will affect the operations of the Exchange, he said, “Approvals by the SEC and CAC signify that the NSE can now activate its transition plan to a new operational structure and holding company. “The extensive transition plan, taking the Group and its subsidiaries through to full operational launch, covers legal and practical changes to enable the functioning of the new corporate structure, with no loss of service and a seamless transition for market participants.” The transition plan will also see the inauguration of Boards for each of the new entities, staff reallocation to their respective functions within the operating subsidiaries, operationalisation of business plans and budgets, technology systems transfer, and the requisite arm’s length agreements between the entities. “Upon Operational Launch, the group’s new brands, including a new website, will be unveiled and the group will be in position to execute on its strategic vision. Stakeholders, including our new valued shareholders will benefit from The Group’s enhanced Corporate Governance framework, access to capital to fund strategic developments and a more globally competitive Exchange,” he noted. The approvals also enable the shares of NGX Group Plc, which have been registered with the SEC; to be allotted to the membership pursuant to the court approved Scheme of Arrangement. Ahead of its listing on NGX Limited, the shares of NGX Group Plc will be available for bilateral trades to be executed in line with extant rules and regulations of the Nigerian capital market. Oscar N. Onyema, the new Group CEO of NGX Group Plc, said: “The Nigerian capital markets should play a role commensurate with Nigeria’s status as Africa’s largest economy. At the Nigerian Stock Exchange, we have a vision that the new group will become the premier exchange hub for Nigerian businesses and for the African economy. We are implementing a series of measures towards this goal, demutualisation being a critical milestone. The completion of demutualisation is a truly significant moment, and we welcome the new possibilities that have opened up for us today.” Demutualisation of the NSE is pivotal in that it creates new strategic opportunities that will enable the Group realise its vision of becoming Africa’s leading capital market infrastructure provider. The creation of a holding company and a new capital structure will also enable NGX Group Plc to form new dynamic relationships, drive strategic partnerships and gain capital raising flexibility. It will be recalled that NSE members approved at its last AGM, the listing by introduction of NGX Group Plc on NGX Limited. The Deal According to the statement, dealing members of the NSE, which include among others, Stockbrokers, agreed to the proposal to re-register the Exchange as Nigerian Exchange Group Plc; transfer of its securities exchange license and other assets required to carry out the securities function to Nigerian Exchange Limited, establishment of a separate subsidiary company to be charged with the regulatory functions of The Exchange post-demutualisation to be called NGX Regulation Limited. The total share capital being N1, 250,000,000 (One Billion Two Hundred and Fifty Million Naira) comprising 2,500,000,000 (Two Billion and Five Hundred Million) ordinary shares of 50 kobo each will be registered with the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC), while 1,964,115,918 (One Billion, Nine Hundred and Sixty-Four Million, One Hundred and Fifteen Thousand, Nine Hundred and Eighteen) ordinary shares will be allotted to dealing members and ordinary members on the basis of a ratio of 78:22, respectively. Part of the agreement for demutualisation is that the provision of claims review shares amounting to 40,083,999 (Forty Million, Eighty- Three Thousand, Nine Hundred and Ninety-Nine) ordinary shares, representing two percent of the issued shares of NEG, will be set aside for allotment to parties who are adjudged as being entitled to shares in the demutualised Exchange. Also, there would be a transfer of the assets of NSE Consult Limited, NSE Nominees Limited and Coral Properties Limited – existing subsidiaries of The NSE – to the Nigerian Exchange Group Plc. Having agreed to all the terms and agreements of the demutualisation, dealing members at the EGM that followed the court ordered meeting appointed a board of directors which will direct the affairs of the demutualised Exchange. The board is expected to explore the implementation of an employee share ownership plan (ESOP). New Board Chairman and Non-Executive Director of the newly constituted board of NEG Plc is Otunba Abimbola Ogunbanjo, who until this new appointed was President and Chairman of Council of NSE. The Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of the demutualised Exchange is Mr. Oscar Onyema, who until now presides over the day to day running of the activities of the NSE. Non Executive Directors on the board include Dr. Umaru Kwairanga, Mrs. Fatimah Bintah Bello-Ismail, Mr. Oluwole Adeosun , Mr. Chidi Agbapu , Mr. Patrick Ajayi, Dr. Okechukwu Crescent Itanyi , Mrs. Nimi Akinkugbe, Prof. Enase Okonedo . Member of the board who are Independent Non-Executive Director are Mr. Ikpobe Apollos Oghooritsewaram and Mrs. Ojinika Nkechinyelu Olaghere .