Mr. Kola Oredipe, Director, New Media to the Governor of Bayelsa on Saturday de­scribed the activities of former General Manager of Radio Bayelsa, John Idu­mange, as blackmail and not whistle blowing. Idumange, who was for­merly an aide on Research and Documentation and Social Media to former Gov­ernor Seriake Dickson, was arrested by police on Wednes­day and charged to court on Thursday evening. A Chief Magistrate’s Court in Yenagoa had granted the police an order to detain Idu­mange for 30 days to allow po­lice to conclude investigations on the sedition charges filed against him. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! In a statement made avail­able to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), Oredipe described an online media report with headline, “Whis­tleblower remanded in jail for exposing N3bn fraud in Bayelsa as inaccurate and misleading.” The governor’s aide ex­plained that there was no fraud anywhere in the man­agement of the agricultural loan and that Idumange en­gaged in the blackmail and treacherous act to attract personal gain. Week In Review: Buhari, Osinbajo’s Official Engagements Narrow Gauge Lines Not Inferior To Standard Gauge Lines – Minister “The Central Bank of Ni­geria officials have debunked the allegations raised by Idu­mange on the social media to the effect that no money was missing as the agricultural plan of the government is progressing well. “Idumange is well known to many Bayelsans as purvey­or of fake news and a man deep in spreading falsehood on social media to gain politi­cal patronage. “It is a known fact that this is the way Idumange gets po­litical appointments over the years, but he has met the wrong person in the incum­bent Governor Douye Diri, who has clearly said he would not give political appointment to anyone out of blackmail. “This government is not averse to constructive criti­cism and clearly open to good ideas for the betterment of the state. “We are happy that ma­jority of Bayelsa people have equally condemned the unwarranted allega­tions and name calling by Idumange. “We equally want to place on record that John Idumange, was not arrest­ed on the order of the state government, but through petitions by those he alleged to have diverted funds in se­ries of his social media post and on radio,”Oredipe said. Former Governor Dick­son had in a press statement dissociated himself from the attacks on Diri’s admin­istration which he handed over to on February 14, 2020, and urged his political allies to close ranks to ensure the success of the administra­tion.