To spur growth and development, the Lagos State Government says it has awarded the preparation of Action Area Plans (AAP) for nine communities across the state. A statement by Mr. Mukaila Sanusi, Spokesman of the Lagos State Ministry of Physical Planning and Urban Development said the Commissioner in the ministry, Dr Idris Salako made the disclosure on Thursday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that an AAP provides specific planning policy and guidance for a particular location or an area. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! It is an approved development plan and report indicating  detailed layout, which may stipulate the land use permitted on each plot and the extent to which constructions maybe undertaken. Salako listed benefitting communities of this planning instrument to  include Ijagemo and Ijeododo in Alimosho/Ojo Local Government Areas;  and Ijegun-Egba in Amuwo-Odofin Local Government Area. COVID-19 Vaccine Safe, Umahi Assures Ebonyi Residents Federal Salary Structure Can’t Be Imposed On States- Fayemi Others are  Pota and Ikoga in Badagry Local Government Area; Ise and Ode-Omi in Epe Local Government Area and; Obawole and Iju in Ifako-Ijaiye Local Government Area. Salako said the Action Area Plans would align  with the various Operative Development Plans in the state and focus on creating economically productive, efficient, equitable and responsive communities. According to him, the AAP will project both the comparative and competitive advantages of the communities by considering the current stage of their development and setting out the direction of change in those communities. He listed expected impacts of the project to include compact city,  great communities, economic  tourism growth, environment and infrastructure development.Others are, social wellness and safety, good urban design as well as governance, recreation and culture. “These are lower order plans that will address, among others, long-term community development, land use and growth in a responsive manner that will buttress the T.H.E.M.E.S Agenda of the Lagos State government,” he said. The commissioner said that competent consultants had been selected in line with the Public Procurement Law, to handle the projects and ensure timely completion. Salako said that a painstaking selection process began with the Expression of Interests, published in Newspapers of July 4,  2020 which preceded the award of the nine AAPs. He enjoined members of the communities to support the project by providing the enabling environment for the consultants who would collaborate with residents  throughout the process to capture their inputs in the plans. Source (NAN)