Jurgen Klopp has hit back at claims that he and his Liverpool side should forget about the Premier League and concentrate on winning the Champions League this season. The Reds recorded a 4-0 aggregate victory against RB Leipzig, following consecutive 2-0 wins, with the goals coming courtesy of Mohamed Salah and Sadio Mane in each game. The result added to an impressive European campaign so far for the Reds, in which they have won all-but one match, conceding once and scoring 16 times in their progression to the quarter-finals. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! However, in the Premier League it has been a different story for Klopp’s side, who have suffered six straight home defeats in the top-flight. The Reds currently find themselves eighth in the Premier League table, and have a fight on their hands if they are to make the top four. Arsenal Can Use Tottenham Win To Ignite Top-Four Push – David Luiz Xavi Hopes For ‘Many More Seasons’ Of Messi At Barcelona And speaking after the Reds’ win over the Bundesliga side on Wednesday night, Dietmar Hamann claimed his old side should now just focus on winning European football’s premier club competition. But Klopp believes success in the Champions League can only be achieved by his side winning games in the Premier League. “We know what we need to do. We have to win football games,” the Liverpool boss said ahead of his side’s game with Wolves tonight. “If you want to be successful in the Champions League, you have to get good results in the Premier League as well. Not as a fact, but as a feeling. “We will try our absolute best in the Premier League and in the Champions League. If you have enough eggs, you can put them in both baskets and I hope we can do that.” The ECHO reported last week that Klopp retains the full backing of Liverpool owners Fenway Sports Group and will be allowed to continue his role into next season. Liverpool’s fortunes have plummeted since the turn of the year, with the Premier League champions having taken just 11 points from the 42 that have been on offer since Christmas. And Klopp, speaking to Sky Sports, has revealed his plan for the club between now and the end of the campaign is to ensure everyone associated with it remains as united as possible. He said: “The plan is to go through this as united as possible, as a whole club, together with the fans, owners – all these questions asked such as ‘When will the manager get the sack?’ “We don’t ask these questions. We just face the situation, try to fight the situation and give absolutely everything.”