Governor Rotimi Akeredolu in this interview with Sam Omatseye on “The Platform”, an interview programme on Television Continental (TVC), says that the federal government must as a matter of urgency address the issue of federalism. He speaks on the need to urgently approve state police and his plans as he begins the second term journey. AKINWUNMI KING monitored the interview and brings the excerpts: As you go into your second term in office, what will be your focus? Great question. What I intend doing is to round up a few projects that I have at hand that four years were not enough to complete. I will give examples, we tried to put up 500 bed teaching hospitals in Akure and Ondo. It’s something I believe we should be able to complete within the first one and a half years when we come in but we started over a year ago. I had always been convinced that for Nigeria and in the interest of this country, that with the draft that we have on our own coastal line in Ondo, which is one of the deepest that you can think of, we need to have a port situate in Ondo and that has been our goal since we came in. And even before I came in, I felt that whatever it is from the south, the fortune of this state can come and that will lead us to have a sea port, and that sea port will allow for the free trade zone and other zones that are there. We’ll work with Ogun State, we’ll work with every other state that are our neighbours. It’s a project that is of utmost interest to me and I want that port declaration in my first year as governor because I have spoken to so many people, Dubai World, we have been to Rotterdam, we have been to China and people have shown interest because it is going to be the port for West Africa. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! There are some of your colleagues who believe that development can never take place when there is no money and there are others who are of the opinion that it is only when you have developmental ideas that money can come. Why is it that many executive governors feel they have to have money first before they can have development? I belong to that school of thought that when you have developmental ideas, money will come. I gave you an example of what we tried to do here. When we came in, we didn’t have money, everybody knows it in Nigeria now that most states are in financial strain jackets and it is becoming worse with this COVID-19 pandemic. But when we came in, it will surprise people… people came up with we have to build this road; we have to have this bridge; we have to have this overhead bridge like we have in Ore now. Then I invited contractors and I said to them, ‘look, I don’t have money but if you are ready to start, we are ready to award you the contracts, start and we will pay you by milestone what you achieve but we won’t pay until you have achieved 30 percent’. No Coordination Among State Governors In The War Against Insecurity –Sani COVID-19: Onuesoke Foundation Begins Phase 2 Distribution Of Face Masks, Exercise Books To my surprise, most of the contractors accepted and I didn’t expect that because most of them were used to being paid advanced payments for projects. They were used to taking some percentage of the money upfront before they start. And I said, ‘I have no money but you can start if you want to start’. I want to believe in one thing because a friend of mine, who is one of our political leaders here, said he went round and he was surprised when he tried to interview some of the contractors… I am not trying to say this for the benefit of the public alone… so he said some of the contractors told him that ‘we believe that the man has integrity, we can stake it’. So people were ready to stake their money in the belief that we will pay. You can ask those contractors, a few of them have finished the projects and we have finished paying them. We were paying in installments, but you must have done your construction, your road work, whether it is the asphalt laying, whatever you want to do, you must have attained 30 percent before we start paying. And when it got to a point, I was afraid because so many other contractors were ready to do the same thing. I now said no, ‘you will put me in trouble’, I will probably at the end of the day end up biting more than what I can chew. You are not only a governor now, you have been accomplished in your profession as a lawyer, as a Senior Advocate of Nigeria. You were once the helmsman of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA). How do you marry the lawyer, the advocate and the governor together? It has been a tough thing interplay, it is not an easy thing seriously. I find it difficult especially with the political class, they are a different kettle of fish. I am like somebody coming from a different milieu, it is not like the one they are used to. And a few times, I put my feet down and say, this is what I believe. And I think that with time, they have just got to appreciate my own position that when this man takes a decision, it is not probably going to change, and that is probably the lawyer in me, it is probably the advocate in me. And that is probably because of the fact I have been in some too myself. There are things that are fundamental but at the end of the day, I will have to bend over backwards on matters of politics in a number of instances because that is where I want to say that the interplay itself is very delicate. Let me give you an example, when we came in, my political colleagues believed that we must have contracts here and there, and I said ‘do it if you have the money to do it, if you don’t have money, I am not giving any contract to you, there is nothing special about the political class. If you can do it like every other person, if you can follow the laid down rules, why not? I will give you. But if you can’t go by it, it is not that I will now give you mobilisation fees when I didn’t give others.’ So people started feeling that this man is not a politician but how else will I be a politician? I am a politician and I am here but I do things my way, everybody has his own style of doing things. So, it’s been a delicate thing to do, particularly when you’ve been the president of the Bar and you have been known for taking your positions on some matters, by the time you change, you will be seen as a sellout. People will see you as someone who is flip-flopping and I don’t want to be seen as someone who flip-flops. Let me just stay by rules and what I have lived by, whether it pays me, I will take it, and if it doesn’t pay, there is no problem. There have been arguments that state police is another avenue for creating state dictators, that the governors will have too much power and can wield that with the local police and become tyrants… (Cuts in) So we should leave the power with the president? So we should build a president that is a tyrant? Is that the suggestion? If you look at it, that is the reasoning but that would not be correct, Mr. President today is not a tyrant. The issue of state police today has gained momentum, initially, we had opposition from some parts of the north but today, they have supported it, they have even come up to support it because everybody has found out that the level of insecurity in our respective states demands us to be part of manning that security. And the only way it would be effective is that… the way we look at is that there must be state police. Today, we now have regional police, call it whatever name, south west security networks, that is Amotekun; there is Eastern security network. Before us, they had a northern security network by whatever name they called it. And in their own case, they even carry guns, they have been before us. So what we are doing is not something so new but because we came up and said we are going to do it, maybe some people felt offended, they reacted. But I thank God that we had to put our feet down.