Obafemi Samuel, the Lead consultant at Blue Orb, a Lagos-based consulting firm, in this interview with IKECHI NZEAKO, stated that government policies are hurting small businesses. Excerpts: What motivated you to establish the company? Basically I believe that the SMEs market is underserved, because most of the times they cannot afford to pay the fees charged by the big consulting companies. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Most of the people that play in SMEs space are just trying to find their feet and cannot afford the fees charged by the big companies; we stepped in to bridge the gap and help in that space. What service does the Company provide? Microsoft, Tech4Dev Partner To Train Girls, Women In Coding, Deep Tech Skills How Hub Is Growing Salon Business In Nigeria- Umana We provide business development service; we help to develop their ideas into full business, and we move from there to helping them develop competitive strategies so that they can become more competitive and we help them grow. How long have you been doing this? I have been doing this in last seven years. And how has it been for you? It has been a funny ride; it has been an interesting journey too. Sometimes you have a good offering that the client cannot pay for and this is an issue that is common among small businesses in the country How did you overcome the challenge? What we have done over the years was to unbundle the offerings; let us say an offering is supposed to cost N1.5 million and we realise that the client cannot pay for it at once; we divide it into phases and ask to him to pay N500,000 for phase one. We do the other phases when the client is a financial position to pay for the full offering. We try to accommodate clients at different levels. That is one of the challenges we face in the industry. Another challenge is that the average Nigerian entrepreneur feels he can get everything from the internet; that is not very true. You cannot get every answer from the internet; what you will get from the internet is a template and the tools that were used to create that template might be outdated and no longer relevant to the current realities. They may no longer be as powerful as they used to be. They may not be relevant to the challenges in current business space. People think that they can get a template, come up with a business plan and develop a strategy; things do not work that way. It takes the eyes of a professional business consultant to diagnose a business problem and fix it. Many Nigerian entrepreneurs want to do it their way and when things have gone worse, they then began to call the professional and at that time, many of them may not have the money to pay because the business is already running at a loss. What is your assessment of the Nigerian business environment? There are opportunities in the Nigerian SMEs space; there are also a lot of frustrations that stem from inconsistency in government policies. Our definition of SMEs should move from micro organisations to ones that can empower more people. Nigerian SMEs are playing too small. The definition of an SME in Nigeria is you empower someone with a vulcanising machine and you call that person an SME, but that person cannot do much. He cannot contribute much economically; he will struggle to pay for his household; he will have an apprentice that he is unable to pay. The thing is that he is using an old tool to work and the world has evolved and moved on. We are empowering people for the past instead of empowering them for the future. We give the youths bikes today and tomorrow we ban bikes. There are inconsistencies in government policies and this hurts small business. There are also less regulations and this allows people to explore and grow. Some businesses we call restaurants will be allowed to operate abroad. Some people started from there and have become big businesses. Yes, we have issues like inadequate power supply, bad roads and others, but the opportunities are there and people are taking them. The consultancy business is replete with people who bring next to nothing in terms of value; what are genuine ones doing to reduce these people and gain confidence of the clients? Yes, there are always incompetent and unqualified persons in every profession; I do not want to call them fake because what we do is not like medicine, which is precise. I will say they are people who are not adequately equipped or adequately trained; in that regard, what we can do is for those of us who are adequately equipped and adequately trained to continue to deliver results that will separate us from them. We cannot ask the government to clampdown on them; that is unnecessary. What we can do is to enlighten the clients on the professionalism that we bring to the table; the customers are largely the people to note the difference and make the right choices. Some of the people you describe as not adequately equipped and adequately trained offer value at a level that attract some clients. What is your advice to young people? They should get the right knowledge because it is essential in the business; they should get the right models – people they want to be like; people that inspire them and want to learn from. They should also look beyond the shores of the country; they should not just focus on the country because the global space is shrinking; they should learn to be internationally relevant. They can get opportunities from abroad. They should get as much experience as they can; they should accept to do jobs that are less than they are worth. They should take them so that they can get the experience. The job will be a learning ground for them and it will be an opportunity for to get clientele. The business depends on clients and clients are essential to the business. They should ensure that the clients get results.