ONITSHA  – Traders in Onitsha Drug Market, fondly called ‘ Ogbogwu’ recently staged a peaceful protest in the market demanding to know the outcome of a stakeholders’ meeting held in Abuja with some Anambra State functionaries in which the former Chairman of the market, Mr. Uche Eze, Anambra State Commissioner for Health, Dr.Vincent Okpara, Secretary to the State Government, Prof Solo Chukwulobelu among others were in attendance. The traders accused the former Chairman of the market, Uche Eze of betrayal and going into agreement with other stakeholders to relocate the market for a new site at Oba without their consent. But, in a swift reaction to the traders’ claim during the protest, Mr. Uche Eze who left office in 2018 after serving his term as the market leader under whose leadership the relocation agreement was reached debunked the claim, stressing that all relevant stakeholders were involved on the issue of relocation to Oba in Idemili South Local Government Area of the State. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Mr. Uche said that it was under his leadership that the Federal Government enacted a policy to close all open drug market in the country and introduced what was known as “Coordinated Wholesale Center” (CWC) in which the former Minister for Health, Prof. Isaac Adewole, the then Registrar of Pharmaceutical Council of Nigeria (PCN) and NAFDAC boss, including other major stakeholders visited the site at Oba and gave approval for the site as a drug market. The embattled former market leader wondered why the issue of relocation and protest came up again after the state Government and that of the Federal Government had earlier given their approval for the new site. Tension At Bridge-Head Market Over Appointment Of Caretaker Committee Chairman Only Competition Can Crash Airfares – Kyari He revealed that vested interests by some wealthy and influential traders in the market were fueling the crisis in the market. Our correspondent gathered that some interest groups were part of the present problem in the drug market, refusing to accept the need for relocation of the market as earlier resolved. One of the traders who spoke to our correspondent in confidence said that some traders were opposing the relocation move simply because the site in question was under dispute and would be an embarrassment to traders to relocate and later run into stormy waters with their landlords at Oba.