ABUJA- Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, Director General of World Trade Organisation (WTO), has pledged that the Organisation would work with Nigeria to help deliver support directly with its resources in technical assistance, capacity building and quality upgrade. Okonjo- Iweala stated this on Monday during her visit to the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Otunba Adeniyi Adebayo and his counterpart, Amb. Mariam Katagum at the Ministry’s headquarters in Abuja. She said Nigeria’s share in World Trade is 0.33% while its share in Africa Trade is 19%, noting that it is small fraction of what the country can achieve. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! She pointed out that Nigeria must step up action on its economy, stating that trade can be instrumental, if Nigeria could add more value to its products and improve its infrastructure to deliver trade. According to her, “Nigeria is 103 out 167 countries in logistics and that means we have a long way to go and for me that is a potential area we can invest to improve our logistics, so we can take advantage of trade within the African Continental Free Trade Area(AfCFTA).” Anambra 2021: Okonkwo Picks PDP Governorship Nomination Form Kogi Rep Urges Gov Wike To Join 2023 Presidential Race Under PDP “We have difficulty and challenges with our economy, we have to move fast, we have potential to do so much better and trade is a very strong part of that story”. The Director general of WTO, however said in world trade, Nigeria is active in the area of agriculture and joint statement initiatives. “Trade negotiations on agricultural issues are very important to us and we are very active there, Nigeria is a leader on issues of e-commerce services, domestic regulations, investment facilitation, micro small and medium enterprises and women in trade.” “Nigeria is very active in agriculture bearing in mind that we have a diversified economy in Nigeria, where agriculture is extremely important even though, we don’t have a diversified source of revenue but we have a diversified economy. “Nigeria is active on all these issues because they are very important for our economy and that is the main thing I want to say today and the reason why we are here. “Nigeria’s share in world trade is 0.33% this is a small fraction of what we could do. Our share in Africa trade is 19% which is below our share of the Africa’s GDP. “This means we must step up our action on the economy we must do better and harder in several ways, the reason we are concerned about that is because of our youth, the majority of our population are young people who are waiting for jobs and we are here for them. “Trade can be instrumental, if we can add more value to our products, trade can be instrumental, if we try to improve on our infrastructure to deliver trade. “Nigeria needs to focus on adding value on transitioning, we are an oil and gas based economy and that has sustained us and still will. But the world is moving away from fossil fuel. “In Agriculture we have a lot, we can do. Let try to identify those areas there that have potentials and turn our economy in that direction.” Okonjo-Iweala, said that the WTO will work with Nigeria to help deliver support directly with its resources in technical assistance, training and quality upgrade but also with other institutions in unlocking some of the bottlenecks that confront the country. “The WTO is about supporting investment’s and supporting infrastructure in technical assistance, its not a financial institution but it works with financial institutions. ” It is one of the economic institutions that was created with the World Bank and the International Monitory Fund(IMF),these are three powerful institutions that are working together to deliver a lot,” she said. The WTO Boss expressed hope that Nigeria will take a very active supportive role in helping her deliver on some of the mandates. “The WTO faces many challenges and also needs its own reforms to deliver results, the organisation has not delivered a multilateral round of negotiations in quite a number of years and we have the unique opportunity of delivering the fishery subsidy negotiations. “The dispute settlement system that is paralysed we have to discuss with all members including the United States on how to make this work again, because the rules based organisation cannot continue to make rules, if the dispute settlement system does not work”,Okonjo- Iweala added. Also speaking, Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment congratulated Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala on her appointment as the Director general WTO. Adebayo expressed some of the country’s expectations from the WTO with regard to the engagements in the on-going negotiations and discussions. “On the on-going agriculture negotiation, Nigeria expects balance and equitable outcome that addresses structural causes of food and livelihood insecurity in Net Food Importing Developing Countries NFIDC and Least Developed Countries LDC. “On the Fishery Subsidy Negotiations, we look forward to outcomes that result in reduction in over fishing and unsustainable fishing practices with effective differential treatment that allows a sustainable development of developing countries,” Adebayo said. In her remarks, Minister of State for Industry Trade and Investment, Amb Maryam Katagum, urged the Director General of WTO not forget the commitment to sustain and enhance the ongoing dialogue and action on ‘women in trade’, as a firm believer in the power of trade to lift developing countries, including Nigeria out of poverty.