Johnbull Dangofa, the new Tournament Director of the Professional Golfers Associa­tion (PGA) of Nigeria has af­firmed that the unity of mem­bers would be a priority for the new executive committee. The tournament director, who doubles as ‘Resident Profes­sional’ at Seriaki Dickson Golf and Country Club Club and Se­nior Special Assistant to Gover­nor Douye Diri of Bayelsa State believes all is not well with the association as it was high time a truce was brokered among the ‘warring factions.’ “I want to make it clear that all is not well with the PGA of Nigeria; there’s no unity among us – we’re di­vided along zonal lines of North, South South, South East, South West and the rest which shouldn’t be,” he noted. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He revealed also that he got most of his votes from the Northern professionals, “Let me shock us that most of the votes that gave me victory were from the Northern profession­als; against this backdrop, I want to emphasise that the new Executive Committee has the task of uniting everyone – unity is key to our progress. “This is because PGA of Nigeria is one and if we’re di­vided, we can’t move forward, we must stabilise the associ­ation to the internationally acceptable standard as the USPGA, PGAs of Europe and the likes.” PGA Nigeria Seeks Media Partnership On Nigerian Open Return Captain Relishes ‘The Ambience’ Of Abeokuta Golf Course In the same vein, he af­firmed it was a new dawn for the members of the associa­tion as they would now wit­ness quality tournaments that will enrich their lives even as it may not be immediate. “This is a new dawn for PGA of Nigeria members, this new board will aggres­sively engage in sponsorhip drive and partnerships that will ensure we organised quality tournaments and members will be happy being professional golfers as their counterparts in Europe and America. “It’s certain, it’s not going to be easy to get these tour­naments now, because what’s most important at the mo­ment is to ensure the unity of our members, but it’s doable,” he emphasised.