Jos- The Senator representing Plateau South Senatorial district at National Assembly Professor Nora Ladi Dadu’ut has decried low participation of women in politics. According to her, Nigeria Women deserve more encouragement to participate in politics,  governance and public affairs in general without discrimination. Senator Dadu’ut in a statement to mark the International Women’s Day  felicitated with Nigerian women as they celebrate this year’s International Women’s Day. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “Women deserve better opportunities in all sphere of human endeavours considering their contributions to the national development.” According to her, Women are hardworking, pillar of their families, good managers and formidable allies and great mobilizers when it comes to politics. We therefore deserve more recognition in Nigeria than what we are experiencing presently. I am proud of women of Plateau especially those from my consistency Plateau South.” Do Not Abandon Projects Started By Your Predecessors, Okowa Warns Newly Elected LG Chairmen Fayose Hails Nigerian Women On International Women’s Day Senator Dadu’ut added that Women deserve more opportunities in politics, saying Nigeria women also deserve support and encouragement to participate in Politics without discrimination in governance and public affairs in general. She said. Professor Dadu’ut who has been an advocate of women participation in politics over the years, lamented that the level of women’s political participation in Nigeria remains low with handful of women in the parliament. “There are quite lots of women across Nigeria that can do much better than what the country is experiencing now if given more  opportunities to demonstrate their commitments. The Senator representing Plateau South  further promised to continue to  promote and defend the rights and interests of the Nigerian women and fight anything that would stand against their wellbeing and aspirations while in the senate. She also promised to empower women and Youths of her consistency at all times.