Abuja- Sokoto state governor and Chairman Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Governors’ Forum, Aminu Tambuwal has said that education remains the pivotal factor in achieving any meaningful development in any society. To this end, the governor has disclosed his intention to build forty (40) model government secondary schools in the state. The governor has also disclosed the agenda of his government to build one hundred and sixty (160) new primary and secondary schools in the state, which he said has recorded more than 50% of accomplishment. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Disclosing this during the combined first, second and third convocation ceremony of the Sokoto State University at the weekend in Sokoto, Tambuwal pointed out that the various steps coupled with the renovation of 1,500 primary schools and 180 junior secondary schools, clearly point to his administration’s commitment to the enhancement of the fortunes of the education at the basic and secondary levels in the state. The governor recalled the construction in 2016, of Model Government Secondary School, Balle in Gudu Local Government, hitherto the only Local Government Area without a Senior Secondary School in Nigeria, adding that all these have set the standard guiding the expansion of the education subsector in Sokoto State. NGO Urges Probe Into $1Billion Missing Arms Fund Ondo Assembly Fraud: Lawmaker, Clerk Others Detained By EFCC He said: “Education remains the pivotal factor in achieving any meaningful development in every society, particularly in this age of enlightenment, when knowledge remains the driver of socio-political, technological and economic development. “It is in line with this reality that we see that education remains at the top of the priority list of this administration. “Pursuant to our policy of a State of Emergency on Education since 2015, when we first came on board and in the current dispensation from 2019 to date, our budgetary allocation to education has never fallen below 26%. “In 2016, we had a whopping 29% allocation to education above the UNESCO benchmark and ever since, we have maintained the tempo by ensuring sustained funding for the education subsector. “Funding coming from the education levy, through the concern and goodwill of political office holders and civil servants in the state and a handsome budgetary allocation to education, have greatly assisted in turning around the fortune of the subsector in the state. “The construction in 2016, of Model Government Secondary School, Balle in Gudu Local Government, hitherto the only Local Government Area without a Senior Secondary School in Nigeria, has set the standard guiding the expansion of the education subsector in Sokoto State. “The intention is to build 40 such model secondary schools in the state, while our agenda of building 160 new primary and secondary schools in the state has recorded more than 50% of accomplishment. “These, coupled with the renovation of 1500 primary schools and 180 junior secondary schools clearly point to our commitment to the enhancement of the fortunes of the education at the basic and secondary levels. “Indeed, this unprecedented expansion is meant to provide access to education, particularly to the rural areas and the disadvantaged groups. “The creation of the Agency for Girl-Child Education by our administration is aimed at implementing policies that are designed to promote the education of girls in the State. “Education remains the pivotal factor in achieving any meaningful development in every society, particularly in this age of enlightenment, when knowledge remains the driver of socio-political, technological and economic development.”