I am not a prophet. But one does not need to be one to know that Ahmad Ahmad fate as President of the Confederation of African Football was sealed the day he agreed to allow FIFA Secretary General, Senegalese Fatma Samoura, to run the body for six months. Ahmad agreed with FIFA to allow Fatma oversee operational management of CAF, including governance and administrative procedures, and ensure the efficient and professional organisation of all CAF competitions among other tasks. Chief Segun Odegbami (MON) was emphatic in a discussion that Ahmad would not be allowed to contest for a second term. And that was what played out as Gianni Infantino, FIFA president, who has vowed to root out corrupt element from football after his emergence displayed his Mafia traits ending Ahmad reign without much fuss. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! As I noted last Saturday, we are the architect of our own fortune or misfortune, so blame no one for your misfortune. Because of this, let’s leave Ahmad alone. He has been kicked out of football for good. I am sure he must have learnt by now that you can’t clap with one hand and also that no man is an island unto himself. Let’s hope that he, Ahmad, would find a way to navigate himself back into football. Though, I believe it’s mission impossible, but in life, I’ve learnt never to say never. Borno’s Ghost IDP Families Self-Love Coming home for now, the list of players Gernot Rohr invited for the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying matches against Benin and Lesotho is generating controversy. The reason for this is Rohr extension of invitation to ‘clubless’ Ahmed Musa and leaving Genk forward Paul Onuachu on the sidelines. Onuachu today is the country’s best striker in Europe scoring 25 goals across all competition. Leaving out such a player and invite a player who has not played a competitive football in the last six months speaks volume. Though, its Rohr’s prerogative to call up any player for the Super Eagles, however, his explanation that he invited the player as non-playing captain is hogwash. It would have been better for him to maintain a dignified silence than insulting Nigerians that he won’t play. If he knew he won’t play him why extend invitation to him? After all, this is not tennis where the concept of non-playing captain is the order of the day. To the discerning mind, we know that Ahmed Musa must be in the team so as to satisfy some power brokers in Nigerian football. No one can doubt his capability when in form, but for him not to have played competitive football in the last six months meant he must have lost form. The Super Eagles is meant for only the best and nothing less. He can only be recalled when he starts playing competitive again. Alright, the issue for today is Liverpool football club, the Premier League defending champions’ debacle of late. The club that won their 19th title after three decades last season, suddenly finds itself battling to make the top four this season, beats one’s imagination to say the least. Their rapidly unravelling season took a further turn for the worse on Sunday when they slipped to a sixth successive home defeat for the first time in the club’s history. Their 1-0 loss to Fulham at Anfield, their sixth straight home loss, sets an ignominious record for the longest top-flight home losing streak by a title holder. Its needless saying that their Premier League title defence lies in tatters. Note that before this inglorious record, Liverpool has held forth at Anfield for an incredible 68 games unbeaten. What a change in fortune. Placed eighth on the table with 43 points from 28 games, having won 12, drew 7 and lost 9 as against 79 points last season from 28 games and topping the table with 26 victories, a draw and a loss speaks volume at the loss of form. The title holders head into the weekend 8th on the table, 25 points adrift of leaders, Manchester City and with memories of last season triumphant charge to their first title for 30 years fading fast. So, where has all gone wrong for The Reds? Tony Evans in his answer to this question in thenationalsnews.com summed it up thus, “The easiest and most simple explanation for the side’s problems are injuries. They have been a significant factor. The defending Premier League champions have lost a number of key figures whose long-term absences have had a negative impact on the team. “The more complex and painful answer is that the root of the collapse is hubris. This crisis was avoidable. Its roots go back to the Champions League win two years ago. The 3-1 defeat by Leicester City and the dip in form since Christmas are symptoms. The malaise started long before this run of poor performances.” Continuing, he noted, “The aftermath of the victory over Tottenham Hotspur in Madrid two years ago was the perfect time to strengthen the squad. Liverpool were European champions and tradition at the club has always been to build from a position of power. That did not happen.” Failing to invest in players that can challenge was the problem and when long term injuries set in there was obviously no quality replacements. To him, Klopp has a monumental job to turn things around. Liverpool face a real battle to finish in the top four. The German will need to make changes at the end of the season. The paucity of recruitment in the past two summers is manifesting itself now. They may have to rebuild from a position of weakness after missing the opportunity to reinforce when they were dominant. 