Stephen Ola Jagun, fellow of the Nigerian Institution of Estate Surveyors and Valuers and Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors and the first African fellow of International Facility Management Association (IFMA), past chairman of NIESV, Lagos State branch and Board Member, Estate Surveyors and Valuers Registration of Nigeria (ESVSRBON) in this interview with EMMANUEL BADEJO, expresses concerns over housing provision in Nigeria. Excerpt: To what extent do you think politics will affect Federal Government’s plan to build 300,000 housing units through Family Homes Fund? The issue is that, until we remove politics and hidden agenda from policies, as a nation, we will not make progress. I remember, Shehu Shagari’s government wanted to do mass construction of low-cost housing, but all the opposing parties then, teemed up to frustrate that plan. For instance, some state governors gave inaccessible landed property to the Federal Government. Yes, they built those houses, but many of them remain abandoned till tomorrow because of the way the Land Use Act is structured. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Apart from people belonging to different political parties, even within the same party, there are camps. Look at the good work that Fashola did with LagosHOMS when he was the governor of Lagos State. But, when Ambode came, he wanted to rubbish what Fashola did and he abandoned the project. That project should have been self-sustained. But all those houses were abandoned. Not too long ago, I went to Sangotedo area, along Epe Expressway, there are block flats that Fashola started, but were abandoned and left for hoodlums to inhabit. Painfully, Ambode went behind inside the swamp and was sand filling to start building his own. Can you imagine that? They are in the same political party, but different camps. The military gave us a constitution that will entrap us. That is why under Jonathan’s presidency, a constitutional review committee was constituted. But when another party came in, what happened to that report? They pushed it aside. ATOPCON Strategises Against Industry Challenges, Gets New Exco In Lagos Surveyor Warns Against Playing Politics With Housing, Urges Sector’s Revamp To what extent do you think public officials misuse the Land Use Act? As professional estate surveyors and valuers, we have always said that this Land Use Act is alien to our problem and that’s why our housing problem is escalating by the day. A state governor will go somewhere, acquire people’s land under the Act and will not in most cases, pay adequate compensation. Sometimes, under the guise of overriding public interest, some governors and their officials, through the instrumentality of the Act, take over people’s property. Eventually, those lands will not be used for public interest project. Some of the landed properties are converted to personal use. Many of these public officials hide under the Act to perpetrate land and economic fraud. Those who wrote the Land Use Act did it because they wanted to control and to subject all citizens. The military gave us the Act. Anywhere in the world, the government can acquire landed property, if it is for public good. However, you need to compensate adequately. But this Land Use Act is a carry over of military mentality, which the civilians see as a cover to commit atrocities. Are you now suggesting a repeal of the Land Use Act? The starting point is to go back to that law and review. Take the case of Federal Secretariat complex in Lagos as a case study. After it was sold/leased, the state government under the LUA waited for the lessee on building approval. And from there, the state started slamming outrageous charges on the lessee. And since then, the property has remained vacant. Can you imagine the money tied down? When Babalakin’s company took over that place, they were already marketing to turn it to massive residential hub and I understand people were already paying. But, alas, Lagos State Government withheld approval. Till date, you can imagine the capital that has been tied down. Two, we need a long-term plan. If you ask most of the state governments, you will be surprised that, many of them don’t have 10 to 20 year plan. And even if they have, when another party comes in, what do you think will happen? Such plans would be abandoned. By and large, the first thing is to repeal that law. Few months ago, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) pledged N200 billion towards the actualization of Family Homes Fund’s 300,000 housing units. What’s your reaction to this? If you have N200 billion, but the site given to you is not productive, as a businessman, will you take such sites? But, if they give you N200 billion and you come to a place like Lagos, buy land at market value, then, creativity will come in. It is unfortunate that, some governors key into this project to take their own share of the cake from the N200 billion. Some will make it a party affair, and if that happens, half of the money will not go into the project. Should that play out in this case, those who have collected the money and have failed to deliver the project, will be walking as free men or women, simply because he is a party member. But why can’t our public officials take a cue from happenings in the developed clime? Countries where things work, the government needs to have a long-term policy of what they want to do. So, whichever party comes in, will ride on that and show direction. Sometimes ago, I went to London and I saw them expanding the water provision infrastructure. And about two years later, I saw them doing another expansion. I thought they were trying to correct an error, but I was proved wrong. They told me that, based on a fresh study, the government discovered a need to plan for the city in the next five years. Lekki-Ajah axis is seen as the new Lagos, but do you think government is doing the needful to make that a reality? Oh, we are happy that Dangote Refinery is coming up in Lagos. About two to three years ago, when the state chapter of the Nigerian Institution of Estate Surveyors and Valuers visited the site, those constructing the refinery told us that when the project is completed and in operation, a minimum of 250 trucks will be leaving that place per day. While Dangote is planning business expansion, is the government increasing the infrastructure? As we speak, to commute from Ajah to Lagos, it can take you four to five hours. Now, imagine what the travel time will be when the refinery comes up. Also, there are people who are into massive land sales along that axis, using the refinery as a marketing tool. Now, imagine the volume of traffic when the whole place is built up. But is our government doing anything commensurate to the projected growth of the area? As we speak, that axis is already becoming a slum. Does that not portend serious danger to Lagos state? Of course, it does. Some parts of Lagos are already turning to a slum. What can be done to regenerate these neighborhoods? You are very correct. Do you know Shitta in Surulere area? That Shitta axis is virtually turning to a slum. In one flat, you can have three to four power generators. Meanwhile, the land value in that area has risen astronomically. If it were to be in advance countries, what the government would do is to get a developer, who will transform the whole area. The government will need to relocate the people and upon completion, return the original owners to their places. This is highly recommended, as most of the occupants are now becoming nuisance because the environment has outgrown them.