LAGOS- Sen Seye Ogunlewe, former minister of works has said that Nigeria can only exit poverty if the Federal Government can award contracts to the small and medium sized enterprises, as well as devolve the power for the generation and transmission of electricity to States and local governments. The former lawmaker in a chat with DAILY INDEPENDENT said that the government should allow the populace to participate in the execution of projects. Ogunlewe said, “If the government continues to award all the contracts to big companies, there will be no benefit to the people. The ministers of works, housing, and environment must involve the citizens in any project that they are undertaking, if that doesn’t happen; there is no way the people can participate in the government.” “All the big contracts that the government has been awarding do not have direct or indirect benefit to the populace.” HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “If the government wants to build houses in the community, it should allow the people in the community build the houses. The Nigerian government should learn from what the Chinese did and copy from them.” While insisting that electricity must be available to the people for developmental purpose, the former minister said that over concentration of electricity at the national level, cannot allow for development. SGF Attributes Jettisoning Of Values, Culture To Cause Of Economic, Political Disarray In Africa I Have Not Submitted Any Appointee List To Governor El-Rufai– Kaduna APC Chairman He said, “In other countries, they have four types of transmission; there is national, zonal, State and local government transmission. The constitution must be reviewed to allow State, zonal and local governments transmit electricity.” “We cannot rely on national grid to develop our country. Electricity is a commodity that must be available to everybody. It is not a federal government issue and as long as it remains a federal government issue, this country can never develop.” According to Ogunlewe, when there is no electricity in the community, the small and middle size industries will not thrive. Adding, “A State should be able to generate and transmit electricity, without recourse to the federal government. Local communities must be encouraged to develop their own electricity.” There is coal in many States of the country, Enugu and Kogi States have coal. There is too much concentration of power at the federal and that is the reason we have remained poor. The Government must devolve power to the States.