The European Commission should set a date to ban sales of new fuel and diesel cars across the European Union (EU) to align the transport sector with climate goals, nine member countries have said. Led by Denmark and the Netherlands, the countries have written to the European Commission, the bloc’s executive, calling for ambitious EU policies to tackle the quarter of EU greenhouse gases that come from transport. This must include a phase-out date for the sale of new fuel and diesel cars and vans in the EU to support the shift to zero-emission vehicles, the countries said. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “We have to accelerate the green transition of road transport and as legislators send clear signals to car manufacturers and consumers across the EU,” Danish Climate Minister Dan Jorgensen stated. The other countries joining the push were Austria, Belgium, Greece, Ireland, Lithuania, Luxembourg and Malta. Volkswagen Hikes Battery Cell Demand In EV Expansion Apple Plans $1.2bn Semiconductor Design Centre In Germany The European Commission will propose tougher CO2 standards for new cars in Europe in June as part of a package of policies aimed at delivering its goal to cut net EU greenhouse gas emissions at least 55 per cent by 2030, from 1990 levels, and steer the bloc towards climate neutrality by 2050. The current CO2 standards need a “significant strengthening,” and the EU must also bolster charging and refuelling infrastructure for zero-emission vehicles, the countries said. EU legislation should also be amended to allow countries to take national action to phase out new fuel and diesel cars, they said. Many automakers have already laid out a timetable to switch to all-electric car line-ups. Volkswagen brand aims to have full-electric cars make up more than 70 per cent of its European sales by 2030. Volvo, Jaguar, Ford of Europe and Bentley are aiming for a fully-electric line-up by 2030 or before. The United Kingdom Government has said it will ban sales of new fuel and diesel cars and vans in 2030. Sales of electric and plug-in hybrid cars in the EU almost trebled to over one million vehicles in 2020, accounting for more than 10 per cent of overall sales.