LAGOS  – Permanent Secretary, Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment, Dr Yerima Tarfa, has stated that proper implementation and reporting of International Labour standards would aid in maintaining an effective Labour administration in the country. Tarfa stated this at the commencement of a five-day Workshop on Report Rendition on the Application of Ratified Conventions and Recommendations of the International Labour Organization (ILO), for officers of the Ministry and other stakeholders in the Labour sector. The workshop is aimed at developing and strengthening the capacity of focal persons within the Ministry, Departments and Agencies, and Social Partners to effectively report on ILO Ratified Conventions. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The Permanent Secretary said the workshop was convened because of “Nigeria’s commitment to fulfilling its obligations as a Member State of the ILO and ensuring best practice to Labour Administration in line with international standards.” He stated that the workshop was in fulfillment of Article 22 of the ILO Constitution which provides that “each of the Member State agrees to make an annual Report to the International Labour Office on the measures taken to give effect to the provisions of Conventions to which it is a party.” NAMA Boss Laments Vandalisation Of Safety Assets, Seeks National Assembly Support SEC Holds 5th Budget Seminar Tarfa added that member States are also obliged to submit biennial reports detailing steps taken, in law and practice, to apply any of the eight Fundamental and four Priority Conventions they may have ratified. “In the case of all other conventions, reports must be submitted every five years, except for conventions that have been ‘shelved’.” He restated Government’s commitment to promoting healthy working conditions for Nigerian workers in line with International Labour Standards. Tarfa noted that Government appreciates the critical role played by a stable and harmonious industrial relations, as well as decent work for all, in the realisation of “the goals and targets of the 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (SDG).” He urged the participants to render their report using the Report Form provided by the Governing Body of the International Labour Office, as the Report Form had been drawn up in such a manner as to facilitate the supply of the required information on “the peculiarities and difficulties experienced in the application and implementation of Conventions and Recommendations.”