…Warns Against Unguarded Statements, Comments …Calls For Appointment Of Multifaceted Civilian NSA Abuja- A Coalition Sixty-Eight Civil societies has expressed total support for President Muhammadu Buhari in his fight against insecurity. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Warning against unguarded statements and comments that could stoked more crisis in the country, the Coalition called on the President to appoint a multifaceted civilian National Security Adviser (NSA). Addressing newsmen in Abuja on Tuesday shortly after their meeting, the coordinator of the coalition, Honourable Martins Emeh Idakwo expressed deep concerned over the insecurity and growing extensity of attempts to disintegrate Nigeria, adding, “this is very dangerous to us as Giant of Africa.” PDP Commends Self Over Successful South-South Zonal Congress SGF Attributes Jettisoning Of Values, Culture To Cause Of Economic, Political Disarray In Africa Expressing more concern, the coalition said: “We have as well observed some utterances of eminent clerics and leaders, as capable of inciting ethnic violence and imploding the country. This is highly unpatriotic. “Worse still, is the seeming deep-state within government, where some public officials work saliently to discredit the administration of President Buhari.” The Coalition further said: “In the midst of all these, our assessment shows that President Muhammadu Buhari has personally demonstrated genuine commitment to ending the menace of insecurity.” “We have seen him allocate justifiable funds and offer immense logistical support to security operations across the country as well as appoint new service chiefs and recently gave marching order to root out criminals from all precincts of the country.” “We hold tally with Mr. President on his stand and declare total support for his fight against insecurity. “We commend his recent rejigging of the country’s security architecture and urge him to ice the process by appointing a multifaceted Civilian National Security Adviser, who has good understanding of civil sociology and political engineering, and can proffer an integrated national security master strategy (INSM) to the country’s situation.” The Coalition maintained that the emerging complexity of the situation indicated clearly that the insecurity is 70% socially triggered, and can not be surmounted with the ongoing response by the Military alone. “As we know, the military delivers on target. Who then manages the target? Who undertakes a study of the sociology and inclination of the targeted communities towards crimes? and Who links economic activities and social relations of such communities with crimes,” the coalition asked. National security, the coalition said is a holistic concept that cannot be divorced from national economy, stressing, “building national security requires galvanizing all our national assets with our security apparatuses, cutting across all security agencies including the DSS, NIA, DIA, Nigerian Police Force, Immigration Service, Customs, Prison Service, and Civil Defence Corps. “These all informed our urge on Mr. President to appoint a young 21st Century National Security Adviser with expertise in economic infrastructure, Internal Security, International Diplomacy, law enforcement and legal jurisprudence.” Speaking further on the qualities such an NSA should possess, the coalition said, “he must be a global security expert with immense capacity to tactically and strategically analyze threats, evaluate performances, and effectively manage communications, defence spending and inter-agency collaboration. “He must be ingenuous enough to court attention of world powers, wave embargos and negotiate unfettered access to foreign arms for Government. “He must possess a complementary ability to look inward and assist government raise fund in solving some problems through investment engineering, rather than depend on already scarce resources in tackling the challenges. “He must be competent enough to coordinate on priorities and prioritize both security and economic emergencies to the extent of using entrepreneurship to get our teeming youths away from crime, deter prospective criminals, and block financial leakages as well as illicit fund flows.”