*Security Agencies In Benue On Red Alert- Ortom MAKURDI- Retired Commissioner of Police (Compol), Ibezimako Aghanya has noted that the death of his wife, Eunice Aghanya aka Eunnyland was not a case of assassination but an armed robbery case. Eunnyland was killed by some unknown assailants at her residence located around Anpka quarters, Makurdi, the Benue state capital last weekend. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! This is even as the Benue state Governor, Samuel Ortom said security agencies in the state have been placed on red alert over issues of insecurity in the state. The governor disclosed this when he paid a condolence visit on CP Aghanya over the death of his wife at his residence in Makurdi on Monday. Residents, Police Save Robbery Victim With N10m Cash In Bayelsa NDLEA Seals Ex-Gov Egwu’s Hotel In Ebonyi Governor Ortom who described the incident as unfortunate also condemned the killing, adding that her contribution to the economy of the state was remarkable. He pointed out that security personnel in the state were inadequate and as such personnel posted in the state were not enough to handle the security challenges in the state. Governor Ortom further stated that security matters do not require only the intervention of security personnel, but that the citizenry also offer information for the personnel to act on. According to him, the perpetrators of the crimes were living among the people and he wondered why they were shielding the criminals. He therefore called on stakeholders in the state to assist the government in providing intelligence that would help security in tackling security challenges in the state. However, retired Compol Aghanya had noted that from his investigations he deduced that it may not be a case of assassination, but that of armed robbery, adding that robbers may have broken into the house and on her return, they may have panicked and killed his wife. The CP stated that it was not plausible for him to have left the state, as Compol after about 18 years for someone to come looking for him, on a revenge mission. It could be recalled that some yet to be identified persons may have murdered Mrs Aghanya in her residence behind Kismet Hotel, located off David Mark bye-pass, Makurdi.