Do you ever have a feeling of dread, like you are walking on eggshell with your partner? An uncomfortable feeling that makes you wonder who the person really is, especially when they are charming in public but becomes a different person indoors. Or they become extremely jealous and controlling behind closed doors? Then know one thing, you are into a toxic relationship. Everyone wants to be in a relationship but one question you should ask yourself is what type of relationship do I want? For some, the evidence of a difficult relationship are painfully obvious and for others, the signs are cunning and subtle. Unhealthy relationships can seriously affect your ability to achieve a happy and successful life. Here are some common signs that you are in a toxic relationship: HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! You’re just not yourself Once you are into a relationship, you are sure to change but they shouldn’t shrink us. While healthy relationships enhance the parts of our personalities that were already there, toxic relationships can halt our growth and grow our insecurities. They turn us inward, contort our natural instincts, and make us question our very foundations. Fallout Of #Choosetochallenge: Women Say 50% Representation Not Enough In 2023 DIYMA Celebrates Top Yoruba Nollywood Stars So if you haven’t been feeling like yourself lately — and looking at old pictures of yourself makes you wonder where your personality went — consider examining the relationships around you. Does someone draw the worst parts out of you? Have you forgotten how to heartily laugh in front of anyone in particular? You always want to please your ungrateful spouse Of course, we want to please the people we love. And in non-toxic relationships, this is generally fairly easy — and even if we fail to please the other person, we’re not thrown into major panic mode. But too often in toxic relationships, power is one-sided. Also, remember: you technically can’t make someone else happy. That’s on them. You always feel on edge around your partner When you’re around your partner, you feel on edge. You feel exhausted, drained and generally sad for no specific reason. From time to time in any relationship, feeling uncomfortable around your partner happens during stressful times or when illness occurs. But when it becomes the norm, it’s not normal. Your instinct is telling you that something is wrong when you’re with your partner. This is the time to consider how toxic your relationship is. You feel trapped Sometimes relationships can feel a little stagnant or stifle, but you shouldn’t be constantly gasping for air,