ABUJA – First Vice President of the Living Faith Church, Bishop David Abioye, has attributed Nigeria’s under-development to poor leadership skills. Abioye who commemorated his 60th birthday on Wednesday seized the opportunity of a special lecture series organised in his honour to lament that poor leadership has become a plague in Nigeria and Africa in general. According to him, there has never been a time like this when the country was in dire need of leaders that can harness resources which abound in almost every corner. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He pledged that the Church would continue to take up the challenge to groom leaders who will point the direction for the nation to go. In response to questions if he felt fulfilled in the vineyard of God, serving humanity, he said, “first of all I give thanks to God for the privilege he has given me to be in this world and be able to relate with the world and serve the world. FEC Okays N500m Variation Cost To Complete Bulu-Oriagbene Road In Delta Lagos MOT/Taskforce Cautions Against Dredging Activities Blocking Traffic In Ajah “My fulfilment is rooted in my privilege to serve people, I am not an achiever like some may describe me, but I am fulfilled because I have the privilege to meet with people to offer services to them, to render help when it was required, that is what I would describe being the fulfilment that I have today.” Speaking on leadership gaps in Nigeria, he said, “the major plague in Nigeria as it affects other nations of Africa is let me not say poor leadership but no leadership, because like a renowned author in the subject of leadership would say, the rise and the fall, if you have a rising leader, the followers will rise. “But if you have a falling leader, everything and everybody will go down the lane, we don’t have problem of natural resources, we have so much of it everywhere, including our backyard but the problem we have is leadership and in this like, leadership is like harnessing human resources. “Most nations in the west don’t have mineral resources as we do but they harness human resources, a leader that does not have a lead cannot take the lead, if you don’t have ahead, you cannot go ahead, so the nation will go ahead if the head or the heads as a group are functional”. Former Governor of Cross Rivers State, Senator Liyel Imoke, corroborated Abioye when he charged the Church to produce model leaders, stressing that the impact would be tremendous. He said dearth of good leadership is responsible for many ills, especially poor education and healthcare, noting that good leadership is a rare quality and a global challenge that has affected all. According to Imoke, the country would have been better off, if only leaders came from the church as a result of the teachings given and the mandate which is a call to serve. With the theme of the lecture titled “Building Leadership That Lasts: Biblical Pattern”, Imoke who said a leader needs a mentor and what the nation needs is a leader with the fear of God, added that knowledge is a component needed by a leader who is ready to put in what it takes. He said: “Our country might have been better if leaders came from the church. Good leadership these days is becoming rare. It’s not available and not so common. Shortage of good leadership will lead to shortage of many things including education and healthcare. “We are faced with a global challenge of good leadership. Our carnal world says politics provides leaders and we have to participate. Knowledge is a very important component for a leader. In our country today, do we have knowledgeable leaders? People who are willing to put in what it takes? a good leader is patient. “Leadership is different from purpose. That you hold an office as governor or a special assistant does not automatically confer leadership in you. Leadership is not given by office. “We are now defining leaders by the office they occupy, rather than the qualities they possess. A leader needs a mentor and what we need is a nation in the fear of God. When that is lacking, there is no hope.” In the same vein, Dr. John Dara said churches should see it as necessity in creating departments that will be in charge of grooming people for leadership positions and by extension, the polity, reiterating that the church cannot grow until quality leadership is made and given. While naming loyalty as a leadership virtue that has since been lost, he cautioned against subordinates who are in the habit of off-staging their bosses. He said: “Church is in the best position to provide model leadership, not just in the church but in the polity. There’s the need to groom leaders as even the church cannot grow until quality leadership is made and given. “We see deputy governors and other subordinates trying to out stage their bosses due to absence of loyalty which should be one of the key factors of being a good leader. “Living Faith as an institution and not just a church should have a department for grooming quality leaders which should be one of the legacies you should leave behind.” The lecture was delivered by the presiding pastor of Salvation Ministries, David Ibiyeomie and in attendance was Throne Room Ministries, Dr. Emmanuel Kure, former presidential aspirant, Mr. Fela Durotoye, Rev. Dr. Israel Akanji, among other top dignitaries.