The Director General of the National Institute for Hospi­tality and Tourism (NIHO­TOUR), Nura Sani Kangiwa, has advocated for skill acqui­sition in the diverse tourism trades for youth entrepre­neurship if the country is to succeed in the fight against unemployment and discour­age them from the pursuit of white collar jobs. This was contained in a statement signed by NIHO­TOUR’s Director, Media and Public Relations, Mr. Ahmed Mohammed Sule. According to the release, Kangiwa made the appeal when members of the Com­pass Crew paid him a courte­sy visit to congratulate him on his appointment as Direc­tor General of NIHOTOUR at the institute’s headquarters in Abuja. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He said everything about tourism is business, which the Nigerian youths could ex­plore to be self and gainfully employed. He said the choice of mem­bers of the Compass Crew to embark on walk, hike and climbing as hobby could be explored and transformed into tourism events and activities that are econom­ically viable and beneficial to would-be operators, espe­cially youths who had been roaming the streets in search of unavailable jobs. Week In Review: Buhari, Osinbajo’s Official Engagements Narrow Gauge Lines Not Inferior To Standard Gauge Lines – Minister The DG, who expressed his excitement with the congrat­ulatory visit, said as part of NIHOTOUR’s mandate, the institute would offer man­power training and capacity building for practitioners and operators in the tourism and travel related activities and in particular, the outdoor tour­ism activities of the Compass Crew in hiking, walking and climbing as a way of boosting the country’s tourism base. In his remarks, lead­er of the delegation and Chairman of Compass Crew, Alhaji Hussaini Yel­du, said the group was es­tablished with the intent to escape the crowded city via walk, hike, and climb with fellow nature lov­ing companions, noting that in addition, Compass Crew organises outdoor events and activities that promote good health of recreational benefits as well as promote economic development.