To bridge the gender imbalance in the tech industry, Women in Technology (WENTORS) in partnership with Microsoft4Afrika, have undertaken to conduct mentorship and training programmes for upcoming young women joining the industry, as well as final year students looking to start a technology career. WENTORS initiative was launched by Microsoft 4Afrika employee, EduAbasi Chukwunweike, a graduate in software engineering with a Masters’ degree in Informatics. Chukwunweike was said to have noticed that as a solutions specialist in the enterprise team responsible for the cloud business in Nigeria, most of her conversations within the customer environment were with men. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! This, she said, got her thinking about how she could make an impact with gender diversity in the technology industry. Her worry led to the launch of WENTORS. WENTORS, she explained, is an organization which provides a platform geared towards giving young women in the Technology field access to WENTORS from all walks of industry with the aim of increasing interest and participation in the technology fields, as well as career advancement for those already in the industry. Tension At Bridge-Head Market Over Appointment Of Caretaker Committee Chairman NIWA Set To Move 1, 000 Cargoes To Onitsha Port Chukwunweike narrated that she believes that the people best situated to nurture these dreams are women currently in technology, hence, that they are redefining the mentorship roadmap by building a global community of women in technology who nurture each other. “The organisation runs cohorts programmes, eight to 12-week periods during which each mentor commits to an hour-long weekly session with her mentee. The cohorts have weekly themes and provide the mentors with mentorship packages to guide them through the process. As part of the cohort, the programme provides soft skills training and webinars in areas such as personal branding, networking, communication and Imposter syndrome. “The goal of this training is to provide women entering the tech industry with the skills necessary to thrive and sustain a career within the tech ecosystem.