By choosing the title of Boko Haram at their inception around 2009, the terrorist group operating at the time mainly in Borno, Yobe and Adamawa states did not hide their desire to eradicate western education in that area. It is most disheartening that 12 years after, the group is largely succeeding in eradicating formal schooling, simply by invading schools and abducting the students. A lot of damage has since been unleashed at the critical education sector over the past years, so much that many Nigerians wonder if the situation can be rescued; or if the damage inflicted will not present a permanent feature. Indeed, there is cause for worry, as both parents and students in the northern parts of the country are palpably afraid of schooling and what can happen to their children, mostly in the tender age of 10 to 16 years. The pathetic scenario did not happen overnight, but created and nurtured since 2014 when Boko Haram struck in Chibok, Borno State to forcefully take away 276 female students of Chibok Girls Secondary School. Years later, government secured the release of about a hundred through negotiation with the abductors. More than a hundred have not been accounted for, almost seven years after. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! But Chibok turned out only to be the beginning, as similar terrifying attacks and subsequent abductions were unleashed, six years later on Government Girls Science and Technical College in Dapchi, Yobe State where 110 girls were taken away. This happened n February 18, 2018. Again government appeared to have no choice but to negotiate with the abductors in order to secure freedom for 104 of them the following March 21. One of the girls Leah Sharibu was not released because she refused to renounce her Christian faith as demanded by her captors. Three years on, she is still in captivity with little known of her fate and whereabout. The zeal to attack schools and abduct students either for principle or for money gained momentum in the last two months when bandits, this time around the North West of Nigeria, raided Government Science Secondary School in Kankara, Katsina State, taking away more than 300 male students. Again negotiation by government with the bandits resulted in the release of 344 boys. This was in December 2020. NASS, INEC And Constituencies’ Delineation The Petrol Subsidy Conundrum More abductions occurred in Kagara, Niger State on February 16, 2021 involving the kidnap of 27 children as well as other persons; and on February 25, even before government was able to secure the release of Kagara boys, the bandits attacked Girls Science Secondary School in Jangebe, Zamfara State and took away 317 girls, out of whom 279 were released. Certainly the wave and ease of abducting the students have produced an expected effect of parents withdrawing their children who in any event are too fearful to learn; and necessarily too, governments of many states in the evil axis have ordered closure of schools, especially boarding schools. No fewer than seven states have reportedly shut down schools for this reason. Effectively, education in most parts of the north is in serious jeopardy. Government, particularly the federal government that supervises law enforcement agencies including the armed forces are to blame fully for this degradation, because they pay more of lip service to crucial issues of security. Moreover, the bandits or Boko Haram group had been allowed to operate freely and with little challenge for too long, thus arming them with confidence. Besides, it would seem that despite huge monetary resources expended on the Safe School Initiative of the federal government, which was put into operation on May 7, 2014, shortly after the Chibok abduction, there is little to show that the scheme had any meaningful impact on schools’ security in the North. The Safe Schools Initiative has not made schools safer. Initially funded by a coalition of Nigerian Business Leaders (working with the United Nations Envoy for Global Education, Gordon Brown) with a pledge of $10m, the initiative was further boosted by a federal government contribution of another $10m, followed by huge commitments by the United Kingdom, Norway, Germany and African Development Bank. The ideals of the initiative are sound and wide ranging. It was focused on providing lighting, communication devices, emergency plans, promotion of safe zones for education. The plan maps out roles for teachers, parents, community leaders, police and the young persons at school. Initially, the project targeted 2,400 of the most-at-risk students to enrol in federal schools voluntarily with parental consent. In reality, the scheme apparently has suffered from diligent implementation that has rendered schools more unsafe than otherwise. Nigerians are concerned about the highly negative effects of terror attacks on schools, education and future generation. Some of the ugly results are unfolding, and the potential for political, social and economic dislocation is simply scary. It does seem that highly placed government officials, particularly those in a position to make a difference are not worried. Are their children schooling in Nigeria? Do they have special protection for their children? The truth however is that if the insecurity facing schools is not resolved now, no children or their parents will be safe; while government officials may not have a country to govern. As the Commander-in-Chief of the Nigerian Armed Forces, President Muhammadu Buhari must mobilise the country’s security apparatus to defeat terrorists, bandits, kidnappers and criminals who have all but taken over the country.