BENIN  – Betsy Obaseki, Edo State First Lady has described young people currently investing in Nigeria, especially in Edo state as very patriotic, saying that they are demonstrating their capacity and capability to function as future leaders of this nation. Mrs. Obaseki made the remark while inspecting the Farm Forte Food Valley, one thousand hectares processing facilities for various food items such as rice, beans, sesame seeds as well as on site farms for the cultivation of some of the processed crops, situated at Evbolekpen Community, off Ekekhuan Road, Benin City, the Edo State capital. The Edo First Lady who was accompanied in the inspection by the Country Director of United Nations Development Organization, UNIDO, Jean Bakole said drawing from the recent ENDSARS experience these young investors are blazing the trail and called on others to emulate them. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Her Excellency who also visited the company’s 100 thousand birds fully automated poultry farm, beans processing plant, sweet potato farm and storage facility, among others commended the young promoter, Mr Osazuwa Osayi for his vision and hard work to implement such a groundbreaking integrated agro processing complex to meet both local food demand as well as for export, which she said, will boost the nation’s economy and improve Nigeria’s GDP. The UNIDO Country Director, Mr Jean Bakole in his remarks commended Governor Godwin Obaseki for attracting this investment to Edo State and the young entrepreneurs for their efforts at producing commodities that will meet export standards. ‘FG Not Giving Gas Industry Enough Attention’ Union Decries Huge Debts Owed FAAN, Charges FG On $500m Chinese Loan Repayment According to him, “whatever we produce in agriculture needs to meet the minimum quality standards. Firstly, it must protect our local consumer; secondly it must be ideal for the international consumer to whom we are going to export our products because our objective is to ensure that all products coming from this farm and from Nigeria are not rejected at the border simply because they don’t meet the minimum quality standards.