Nigerians are really leaving the country in their millions to other countries. A casual visit to any Nigerian Immigration office or to any of the consular offices of many countries in Nigeria would reveal a rash of attempts by millions of Nigerians to check out of the country. Even many Nigerians who had lived abroad but returned home at a point as a result of the nostalgia for families and homelands, are heading back abroad with ubiquity and constancy. Many have ascribed the unabated migration of Nigerians to the state of the economy while others situate it to the unnerving weight of insecurity in the land. Since Gen. Muhammadu Buhari came to power in May 2015, Nigeria has become a big scam. Nigerians are daily being killed with reckless abandon. On a global scale, a damning report released by the United Nations High Commission for Refugees on global statistics on asylum seekers, has shown that Nigeria ranks among other war-torn countries whose nationals are seeking asylum in Europe and other developed countries of the world. The Geneva report placed Iraq on top of the asylum seekers’ list, followed by Somalia, the Russian Federation, Afghanistan, Nigeria, among others. In just six years, Gen. Muhammadu Buhari has turned Nigeria to the butt of world jokes. In almost all the forests of the country are bandits and armed Fulani herdsmen who kidnap people for ransom. Politicians (who are now in power) brought them into the country in 2013/2014 to make the country ungovernable for Goodluck Jonathan thinking he would not hand over the power to them. Now, they cannot disarm and send them back. You can build for yourself a throne of bayonet, but can you sit on it? HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! If political unrest, turmoil, large scale violence, religious intolerance, conflicts and dislocations are the criteria that qualify citizens of a given country to seek asylum elsewhere, then including Nigeria in the list is an understatement. Given the magnitude of killings and pockets of discontents all over Nigeria, the country is supposed to lead the pack. Just how much longer the Nigerian governing elite would persist in willful mis-governance and perversion of democratic disenchantment has peaked among the people of this country and the clouds are thickening. Nigeria is a big joke. Since 1999, Nigerians have unequivocally expressed their resentment at the several anti-people policies of successive administrations, most especially the current one. To say therefore, that, given the escalating wave of insecurity in the country, Nigeria is by any means better than any of the war-torn countries amounts to begging the issue. The situation has now been compounded by the growing menace of state sponsored terrorism in some parts of the country where soldiers now occupy streets and homes in the name of Operation Python Dance or Operation Crocodile Smile whereas Fulani herdsmen are kidnapping, raping and killing innocent Nigerians with greatest ease and impunity. In Ogun State, soldiers in uniforms were seen beating Nigerians for rejecting armed Fulani herdsmen into their communities. They call their party the “All Progressives Congress.” But it is the most unprogressive of all the political parties in Nigeria since independence in 1960. They met the pump price of fuel at N86 per litre in May 2015. But the product now sells for N212.60 just within six years in the saddle. Everything about this APC government is dehumanizing for Nigerians. U.S., Nigeria: Two Nations Addressing Poverty From Opposite Directions Buhari’s Shoot-On-Sight Directive: The Best And Worst Case Scenarios (1) Asylum seeking and the growing tendency for Nigerians to leave the country in search of greener pastures abroad are simply attempts to escape from some of the harsh and dehumanizing effects of the poor socio-economic conditions in the country. Yet, the solution to the internal crises bedeviling our country does not lie in our experts and other professionals checking out of the country. The demerits of leaving the country far outweigh the merits. Yet, the more reason Nigerians are leaving the country is the wave of kidnappings and killings going on under the watch of the Buhari government. Nigeria is now the story of a perdition in which many are losing and nobody is gaining. We have been scammed into accepting baboons for monkeys. For instance, it was reported recently that no fewer than ten thousand Nigerians were stranded in Morocco and Algeria following their inability to cross over to Europe, especially Spain. Obviously, the figure excludes those that had died as a result of starvation or in the hands of wild animals in the desert, and perhaps the few who scaled through the proverbial eye of the needle. Besides the hardships on the way, the infernal conditions that the survivors are often subjected to in those countries make it imperative to ask what would propel Nigerians to embark on such fatal adventures. North, south, east and west, home remains the best place to be. Those returnees should therefore develop the mindset to stay and adapt to the condition at home. But would you remain at home to be killed like a rat by bandits and Fulani herdsmen who are killing Nigerians with impunity? It is indeed shameful that more than 20 years into the democratic dispensation things are so bad in the country that Nigerians are desperate to abandon their fatherland in search of better living conditions even in some less endowed countries. What is apparent is that Nigerians have lost faith in the capacity of their government to create an enabling environment for worthwhile engagement in productive activities as well as self advancement. It is now as though there is no sitting government in the country. You need to see how Buhari as candidate of the APC was on fire on how he would combat insecurity in Nigeria as a retired General of the Nigerian Army. Now, the chips are down and insecurity is worse than he met it. Yet, some bunkum are still saying that even though their best is not good enough, the situation is still better than they met it in 2015. What a big lie! If Nigeria is better now than in 2015 securitywise, why are Nigerians leaving the country? The exodus of Nigerians, especially youths, is not only a vote of no confidence in the Nigerian State and its governance but also an open protest against poor leadership and the inability of the authorities to provide minimal economic and social safety nets for the citizenry. In fact, it is apposite that if the Nigerian government had made concrete efforts to invest in physical and social infrastructure, generate and equitably distribute the “dividends” of democracy to all corners of the country, many Nigerians would not have contemplated leaving the country. It is most unfortunate that the most populous nation in Africa perceives its nationals as expendables. Why are Nigerians leaving in droves to even other less endowed countries? The country has lost legions of its experts and educated elite to other lands. Easily, many Nigerians of varying persuasions have come to believe that their prosperity lies abroad. From athletes, to professors, to medical practitioners, the feeling is one of resignation and of a strong resolve to ply their trades abroad where their services are better appreciated and remunerated. The direct consequence of this is that the country is needlessly losing its human capital to the industrialized or advanced countries of Western Europe and North America and to other high-income nations at the Gulf region of the Middle East and even South Africa, while it is forced at home to engage expatriate personnel for its own critical industries at prohibitive costs. So unfortunate that the Naira which the APC met at N187 to the dollar now exchanges for N500 to the dollar. Again, the low rate of quality output and reduction in skilled human capital are drawbacks in the drive to attract foreign investments. The current situation in the country cannot be cheering to most Nigerians. Immediate efforts must be made by the Muhammadu Buhari administration to redress the situation by way of improved social and physical infrastructure, curbing the unnerving weight of insecurity threatening lives in the country and enthroning an empowering industrial climate. Nigerians are dying in their country while secondary school students are kidnapped in hundreds and the government keeps promising that it would deal with bandits while defending Fulani herdsmen who are equally killing, maiming and raping Nigerians in their thousands. When will Nigerians stand to defend themselves and stay back at home? North, South, East and West, home remains the best.