The Akwa Ibom House of Assembly on Thursday passed a motion calling for adequate sensitisation of the residents on the need to take the COVID-19 vaccine provided by the Federal Government. This motion titled “COVID-19: Imperative Need To Embrace Vaccination” was brought before the house by Mr. Aniefiok Akpan, representing Etinan State Constituency under the PDP. The house directed the Ministries of Health and Information and Strategy as well as Ethical and Attitudinal Re-orientation Commission to immediately embark on aggressive and rigorous sensitisation campaign. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to the house, the sensitisation campaign should enlighten the people on the potency, safety, efficacy and functionality of the vaccine. It implored the state government and relevant agencies to list categories of persons that would be vaccinated with the first batch of the vaccine. Ekiti CP Vows To Halt Herders Trespass On Farmlands Police Declare Ministry Official Wanted Over Child Theft, Trafficking The house also said that schedules and centres where the exercise would take place should be made public. It said the ministry of health and the relevant agencies of government should devise suitable means to store, distribute and administer the vaccine on the people appropriately. The Speaker, Mr Aniekan Bassey, directed the Clerk, Mrs Mandu Essien, to communicate the resolution of the house to appropriate authority and adjourned plenary till March 18. (NAN) The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that state government took delivery of 69, 030 doses of AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine from the Federal Government on March 10. Prof. Augustine Umoh, the Commissioner for Health who took delivery of the vaccine on behalf of government, gave the assurance that the vaccine was safe. He said that frontline health workers would be the first to receive the vaccine, hence the need for the call for sensitisation by the state house of assembly. Source (NAN)