LAGOS  – President of the Nigeria Gas Association (NGA), Ed Ubong, has said there is an abundant gas resource in Nigeria to meet the energy demand of over 350 million people and the industrial needs in the West African sub-region. He spoke at the NGA’s 12th International Conference and Industry Awards in Lagos, saying Nigeria, which ranks as the 9th largest gas reserve in the world and clearly the largest in West Africa, therefore needs to develop this resource base and connect the existing local supply and demand with physical and virtual pipeline infrastructure, while also exploring closer integration of roads, seaports and rail infrastructure’’ Ubong, who is also the Managing Director, Shell Nigeria Gas Limited, emphasised the need for improved investment climate for the gas sector to further develop infrastructure along the gas value chain and enable the expansion of the gas networks to cover the West Africa countries. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He spoke on his vision for the association, adding that the NGA Speaking on his vision for NGA would continue to promote the utilisation of natural gas as the preferred energy source in Nigeria for the benefit of the nation and the various stakeholders in the Nigerian gas value chain. These, he said, include upstream gas producers, transporters, gas-based industries, power generation and distribution companies, virtual pipeline operators, LPG market players, industrial and manufacturing customers and the energy professionals who provide critical support for the sector Asharami Synergy Promises To Boost Kenya’s Downstream Sector Pre-NIPS 2021 Summit To Focus On Nigeria’s Decade Of Gas Initiative “The regulatory framework is a key determinant of the success of the gas industry. So, the NGA will continue to work with the government and regulators to ensure the right laws are in place to create an enabling environment for the sector to thrive over the next decade. Time is of the essence as the Energy transition is on”, he said. He said the 2020 council of the NGA as the first council in Nigeria’s decade of gas, and pledged the commitment of NGA under his leadership to work closely with all stakeholders to accelerate gas development and domestic gas utilization over the next 10 years, in line with the gas ambition of the Federal Government. He explained that Shell’s investments in the Assa North Gas Project; four unitized gas fields; Brass Fertilizer Company; and the cluster development of Okpokunou/Tuomo West gas project, multiple NLNG trains, were aimed at supporting the government’s drive for national development and energy sufficiency.