LAGOS  – With the persistent rise in the prices of commodities owing to increased inflation which has continued to have a negative multiplier effect on the economy, and the standard of living of the citizenry, keeping money in the bank all in the name of ‘savings’ seemed no longer profitable. It is quite good to have a financial savings set goals to secure your financial future, but those who have huge amount of money in their savings account should try as much as possible to invest their money in a viable investment that will give them good returns. With the poor interest rate banks offer to savings accounts, it is not really wise to put a huge amount of money in savings account as inflation will continue to have an adverse effect on it by depreciating the hard earned money in value the more. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! But you may have some cash set aside in savings as emergency fund to avoid financial stress if the unexpected occurs. If you want to create a financial reserve for your family in case of unanticipated events such as illness, job loss or unplanned purchases, tools with a fast access to money will do, for example, bank deposits. If you desire to increase capital, securities are the best option. Why Residual Income Is Critical How To Achieve Your Retirement Dreams That is why to secure your savings from inflation and likely depreciation, it is important to first determine your goals, time frame and keenness to take risks, particularly in the area of investments. The under listed tips if religiously adhere to will help to protect your savings from depreciation; Save in Multiple/ Stable Foreign currencies. If you have good savings all in the bank, it will definitely diminish in value. And if all the money is stored in Naira, you can lose on exchange alteration especially when buying or selling foreign currency. And one of the ways to protect your savings from depreciating in value especially during inflation is to keep savings in multiple/foreign currencies that are stable and appreciating in value. Foreign Exchange Business Rather than allowing that huge amount of money in your savings account to lie fallow in your bank account with minimal interest which the bank offers at the end of the month, why not go into foreign exchange business through buying and selling of good/strong foreign currencies that will have a positive multiplier effect on your money. Again, you can also trade in foreign business such as exporting agricultural foods in to foreign countries to give value to your money. Put A Portion of Your Savings In Deposits Do you know that deposit is a relatively safe financial instrument with minimal risks? Besides, they are best appropriate if you are not well-informed in more intricate financial mechanism (for example, investments activity). Also, you need to create a financial reserve and, if anything, have an easy access to it, or be prepared to invest for 2-3 years, despite being scared of risks. Buy securities. Securities can bring higher returns than bank deposits, but this financial instrument appear not to be suitable for everyone as the stock price often varies. Therefore, it is crucial to regularly keep an eye on their value, so as not to go down financially. Although, stocks are good in the long run and not suitable for creating a financial reserve, it is not profitable to keep money in case of emergency on stocks to avoid regrets. Do you know it is worth investing only on securities when you already have a financial reserve to fall back on if the unexpected happens? But if you are not anxious of risks, be ready to trail the value of shares and get a dependable broker ;investing in securities will be the best option. Besides, if you invest in shares of foreign companies, their value will be in foreign currency which surely guarantees not only better profitability, but also strengthening of your savings from depreciation. Invest in Gold And Silver By investing your money into physical assets such as Gold and Silver, you are certainly protecting your savings as inflation rises or decreases. Do you know that as the value of Naira depreciates, the value of these precious metals tend to appreciate in value? A metal like silver vary from Gold because it is restricted in supply and most often used by big organisations around the world. Where gold is stockpiled, silver is still very valuable and will only increase in value as its supply continues to decrease over time. Having both of these precious metals on hand is a great way to shield you from rising inflation. Just ensure that you have the metals on hand and purchase them from a certified dealer to avoid being scammed. Although, there are a lots of details that complicate investing in these assets. First of all, the cost of precious metals, as a principle, depends on the provisional price, implying that it is more intricate to predict its prices than that of securities. Also you need to be vast in knowledge and experienced to venture in the trade. Invest in Real Estate When investing your money into real estate business such as building a residential house(s), be sure that the properties you invest in will turn a positive cash flow on a monthly basis, signifying that the income from your tenants’ monthly/yearly rents covers all of the expenses of maintaining the property. Also, ensure to budget some money for yourself since it is a passive income. Real estate business is a very viable business, always appreciating in value, but one way to really make brisk money and enjoy the business is to build houses and sell them straightaway to avoid tying down your money. Start A Business Surviving on a source of income in Nigeria of today is almost impossible owing to the unpalatable state of the economy, which does not guarantee job security. It is vital to start a business to augment your monthly earnings and in doing that, ensure, you venture in to business that is profitable in our present terrain to avoid financial losses. Do you know that by starting a business, you are also beginning to build an asset that either increases or decreases in value as inflation rises or falls? By managing your business cash flow each month, you can cushion the effect of inflation and also leverage the extra cash flow for a viable.