Unlike the present dispensation whereby it appears as if the outlaws are being pampered after about five years of seemingly chasing the shadows by cavorting with them, as soon as the threat was detected during OBJ’s watch, he did not waste time before he wielded the big stick by ordering the security agencies to shoot-to-kill any OPC members taking the laws into their hands, which prompted the extremists to scamper for safety. Thereafter the OPC got reformed into a proper regional vigilante group. The significant difference between OBJ’s directives to the security forces to shoot-at-sight any OPC members that were acting as if they were above the law at that time is that the current incipient religious factor gnawing at the fabric of the military was not in existence at that time. But with religion becoming a significant negative factor in the armed forces as being widely alleged, the shoot-at-sight order by president Buhari may have far more wider implications on the society that he is seeking to protect. In my reckoning, the C-in-C might have made the decision in good faith and in furtherance of his philosophy of -l belong to no one, l be belong to everyone-emphasised in his 2015 inaugural speech. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! But it may also be in breach of the constitution of the federal republic of Nigeria that mandates the C-in-C of the Armed Forces to first of all seek the mandate of the congress before making such a declaration that abrogates the duty of security agencies to exercise due restraint and observe the rules of human rights which is that the alleged bandits are deemed to be innocent until proven guilty. I’m not a constitutional lawyer so, l stand to be corrected. But to the credit of the civil society organisations in our country, a plethora of them have questioned the rationale behind the dangerous and omnibus directive by spelling out the negative implications and ramifications. U.S., Nigeria: Two Nations Addressing Poverty From Opposite Directions Buhari’s Shoot-On-Sight Directive: The Best And Worst Case Scenarios (1) The bottom line is that, president Buhari would do well to rescind the directive to the security agencies to shoot-at-sight any unauthorised person wielding AK47 weapon in the forests. In his position as president, he must maintain the sanctity of due process and respect the rule of law as well as uphold human rights of citizens. As such he must review the declaration made earlier with a view to replacing it with a more appropriate measure that is without the military diktat that the current directive is tainted with. The existential reality is that every regime faces its own challenges and it is dependent on the leadership style of the person on the saddle in Aso Rock presidential seat of power to determine how to deal with or handle the situation as they arise. President Buhari’s apparent slow response is reflective of his taciturn nature. The late president Umar Yar’adua had the Niger Delta militants to contend with when he took office in 2007 and he dexterously managed the crisis. He managed the situation so amazingly well that it was difficult to believe that it is the same environmental and ethnic rights agitators that the late general SANNI Abacha mismanaged by executing Ogoni leaders including the poet activist, Ken Saro-wiwa and earned our country a pariah status. It is quite commendable that the late president Yar’adua negotiated with and offered amnesty to the agitators which brought peace back to the Niger Delta. Just as it is note worthy that being the treasure trove of the country, when the Niger Delta was under siege by militants, the economy was in doldrums hence the late Yar’adua made a peaceful settlement, a priority. Goodluck Jonathan, an indigene of Niger Delta faced his own moments of truth with the militants when he was the no 1 in Aso Rock Villa. An event that he was to attend in Abuja was bombed by Niger Delta agitators at the inception of his administration in the manner that bandits kidnapped Kankara School boys in katsina state on the eve of president Buhari’s official visit to his home state, katsina. These are strange ways that terrorists, bandits or outlaws make their point. So insurrectionists or militants are not in the habit of respecting leaders, irrespective of whether they are their kinsmen or not. After all said and done, what the current crisis reveals is the vulnerability of our society where policing is still being centrally controlled as opposed to being locally managed. Vice President Yemi Osinbajo, governor Nasir El-Rufai, Rotimi Akeredolu and a host of other prominent politicians have been making the case for state police as well as community police, without succeeding in convincing Mr president. Now, more than ever before, the need to yield to superior argument has become more stark. After all, naira devaluation, increase in petroleum pump price and removal of fuel subsidies were not on president Buhari’s agenda when he assumed office in 2015. In fact he was vehemently opposed to the introduction of the aforementioned policies. Today, he has accepted those realities. So the time to create state police without further delay is now. In the past 21 years of return to party democracy in our country, the state governments have been funding the police force in their respective states. In most states, the only exception to the financial support of governors to the police is in the salaries of the personnel which come from Abuja. As we all know, operating expenses is usually higher than salaries in our country. By that logic the state governments invariably invest heavily in the federal police in their states. Without exception most of the infamous security votes (as the name implies) are invested in the security of the lives and properties of inhabitants of the state. So any state government giving the excuse of its inability to fund police as the reason for not endorsing it would have the citizens of the state that are currently bearing the brunt of the siege by criminal elements to answer to during the next balloting round. Although state governors invest heavily in the security of their states, it defies logic that they don’t have control of the police in their domains which is in defiance of the conventional wisdom ‘He who pays the Pip-per dictates the tunes’. By being members of the federal police command, (often poorly funded)the police commissioners take directives only from the inspector general of police, IGP in Abuja. The weird arrangement exposes the lie that the governor of a state in Nigeria is the chief security officer, which ideally should be the situation, but it is not. The case against state police by some states that are inherently tied to insolvency because they were not viable, (but only got created due to political exigency)is that they would be unable to fund local state police due to other pressing social needs requiring funding such as paying School teachers salaries etc. But that’s untenable because state governments already do a lot of funding of policing from the much talked about and opaque SECURITY VOTE managed by governors. Admittedly, not all states are as economically viable as the others and this is evidenced by the fact that some have fewer local government areas, Kano (44) and Bayelsa has (15), less land mass(lagos state has the smallest landmass- 3,345 sq kilometers) and lack of natural resources/ endowments(Jigawa has only one -Butytes) which are the three criteria for revenue allocation from the federation account to states . Even when others can also generate revenues internally via sundry taxes on industries located within their domain, most states are bereft of industries. There is unverified statistics suggesting that the whole 19 states of northern Nigeria have only about 54 industrial concerns while the state of Anambra alone has about 64. As l stated earlier, the data above need to be fact checked. But nevertheless, we all know that the textile industry which was thriving in kaduna is now comatose due to cheap foreign imports. Even tourism which African countries like Kenya, Egypt and South Africa depend on for huge foreign exchange income, remains untapped here because all eyes are on oil and gas revenue from the Niger Delta. Whereas there is so much arable land in the north, religious insurgency and ideological differences resulting in religious conflicts have been stifling farming. And where deserts encircle the state, windmills and solar farms are not being set up to generate alternative energy in the manner that Moroccans, Egyptians, Kenyans, and South Africans are doing. Every winter, Europeans and Americans move in droves to their alternative homes in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt, (a purpose built city on the tip of the Sinai peninsula for tourists) to escape the winter cold. Strikingly, the climate in Egypt is similar to the one in Kano, kaduna, katsina and most parts of the northern Nigeria . Why are European tourists not coming to Nigeria? Insecurity driven by religious extremism. Can Nigeria be more Islamic than Egypt, Dubai and even Saudi Arabia the home base of Islam, where despite their stupendous oil wealth, tourism still constitutes a major factor of their income stream? If poverty and neglect are the propellers of the insurrections in Nigeria, the faith leaders need to enlighten the Nigerian masses on why they have to embrace tourism as a pathway to poverty alleviation. That’s one of the productive endeavors that it would take to lift them out of poverty. What is key to unlocking the wealth is to be organised as the Egyptians have been, and as dynamic and smart as the United Arab Emirates UAE, (as a country) has also been by shielding or separating traditional cities from those that can be visited, if you like violated by tourists. When that is allowed to happen, then the masses can be assured that tourism related businesses would provide decent work and income, thus becoming an assured route to prosperity and a panacea to poverty for them. The growth path or trajectory, (that some would say l’m waxing lyrical about) may appear like an Eldorado to a lot of people in the zones earlier listed. That’s because the leaders out there are politicking instead of making plans to harness the values that are endemic to their locations which are lying fallow while we are all making bee lines for oil/gas business in the Niger delta, instead of farming and promoting tourism or engaging in nomadic cattle rearing as opposed to ranching which is the ideal way to go. By the way, while oil/gas would become less valuable in the next one to two decades when fossil fuel powered engines give way to electric cars as the main stream mode of transportation, farming will continue to be on the ascendancy and with Africa’s global comparative advantage in the business of farming buoyed by her vast virgin land, the future of agriculture remains very bright. After the reforming or reorganising of the archaic public sector by our leaders, the next task would be the reorientation of the mindset of the masses so that they can key into the emergent prosperity movement. And who is best suited to do the reorientation than the likes of the respected Sheik Ahmad Gumi that’s investing so much energy into trying to secure amnesty for the insurgents by engaging in the risky venture of engaging with them in the forests while negotiating with them to accept laying down their weapons in order to be reintegrated into society. Other influential imams across the spectrum of mosques, and the emirs in their respective palaces as well as village and clan heads can also try to sell the new initiative to the critical masses that are under their sphere of influence in their domains and spaces. The same applies to church leaders and traditional rulers in the southern parts of our country who need to look beyond oil/ gas revenue for sustenance. There is no more time for blame game. If our leaders past did not fight the civil war to keep Nigeria as one, and if the ones that came after them did not engage in critical thinking that birthed the unifying policies such as federal character principle that’s embedded in the 1999 constitution of the federal republic of Nigeria, so that all ethnic nationalities that make up the Nigerian union can have a sense of belonging, there would not have been a country. So we owe our offsprings the commitment of bequeathing this present country- Nigeria in one piece to them, much the same way that our forebears bequeathed it to us. Continues tomorrow. Onyibe, an entrepreneur, public policy analyst, author, development strategist, alumnus of Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Tufts University, Massachusetts, USA and a former Commissioner in Delta State government, wrote in from Lagos.