ABUJA- Motorists in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Abuja now groan under high cost of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) otherwise known as petrol, as the price of product now rise to N212 per litre from N163 per litre. This followed the release of new pricing template by the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency, PPPRA, which fixed the pump price of Premium Motor Spirit, PMS, also known as petrol, at N212.61 per litre, for the month of March. A source, who is a petroleum dealer, told our correspondent that he had ordered adjustment of pump price to N212 immediately after the news of the new pricing template broke from PPPRA website. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Although, PPPRA stated that its PMS new guiding price, released to stakeholders, is supposed to commence from March 1st and run till March 31st, 2021, motorists besieged filling stations all around Abuja scrambling for the product. Daily Independent monitored the development and reports that apart from Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC)’s retail outlets which still retains the old price of N163, other filling stations in and around the city now sells petrol at N212 per litre. Petrol Hike: IPMAN Directs Members To Revert To Old Price Of N170 Guinness Presents e-Learning App To FRSC To Tackle Drink-Driving Elder Ukadike Chinedu, the National Public Relations Officer of Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) lamented the unfolding hardship facing the marketers. The IPMAN spokesman said the development is suffocating businesses of members of the association, stressing that currently some of the private depots are not loading product. He said that as at Friday afternoon all filling stations in Port Harcourt are closed for business including NNPC retail outlets. “As we speak I just received a call that no filling stations is dispensing fuel in Port Harcourt including NNPC retail outlets” Meanwhile, PPPRA, sensing that the release of the new guiding price created the confusion and attendant tension among motorists quickly deleted the template from their website and issued statement which seeks to explain that ‘the Guiding Prices posted on our website was only indicative of current market trends and do not translate to any increase in pump price of PMS’. The statement which was signed by PPPRA’s Abdulkadir Saidu, Executive Secretary, claimed that agency was drawn to speculations about the increased pump price of PMS. “The attention of the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) has been drawn to speculations about the increased pump price of PMS. “The PPPRA by this release wishes to state clearly that the Guiding Prices posted on our website was only indicative of current market trends and do not translate to any increase in pump price of PMS. “However, publications by the media to this effect have been misconstrued and thus misleading. “The Agency wishes to remind the general public of the introduction of the Market-Based Pricing Regime for PMS Regulation 2020 as gazetted by the Federal Government. Based on this regulation, prices are expected to be determined by market realities in line with the dictates of market forces. “One of the conditions for the implementation of the Market-Based Pricing Regime for PMS Regulation 2020 is the monthly release of Guiding Price to reflect current market fundamentals. “The PPPRA in line with its mandate to maintain constant surveillance over all key indices relevant to pricing policy, monitors market trends on a daily basis to determine Guiding Prices. “The Agency is not unaware of the challenges with the supply of PMS due to some concerns leading NNPC to be the sole importer of PMS. PPPRA is also mindful of the current discussion going on between the government and the Organised Labour on the deregulation policy. While consultation with relevant stakeholders is ongoing, PPPRA does not fix or announce prices and therefore there is no price increase. The current PMS price is being maintained while consultations are being concluded. “Even though market fundamentals for PMS in the past few months indicated upward price trends, the pump price has remained the same and we are currently monitoring the situation across retail outlets nationwide. “While assuring the public of adequate products supply as the average PMS Day-Sufficiency as of March 11, 2021 is over 35 days, the PPPRA pledges to continue to perform its statutory function in ensuring that the downstream sector remains vibrant as well as support both government and members of the public” reads PPPRA’s statement.