Mr Folorunsho Coker, Director-General, Nigerian Tourism Development Corporation (NTDC) says its strategic tourism development roadmap titled `CHIEF PLAN’ will put Nigeria on the global tourism map. Coker told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Saturday in Abuja that `CHIEF PLAN’ would open Nigeria as a major tourism destination in Africa via the development of domestic tourism to attract foreign investments. According to him, the roadmap will utilise strategic ideas to encourage Nigerians to spend their holidays in their within the country and learn more about its endowments. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He said that the five points of the CHIEF PLAN include, Corporate Government and Regulations, Human Capital Development, Infrastructural Development, Events, Marketing, Finance and Investment. “We at NTDC recognise the abundant investment potentials in the tourism industry and realised the urgent need to explore and promote the best of Nigeria tourism domestically and internationally Road Accidents Claim 29 Lives In 2 Months In Osun – FRSC MURIC Urges Muslims To Take COVID-19 Vaccine Without Fear “Nigeria is enriched with diverse people, distinct cultures, unique art, good music, food, fashion, film, sport and religion. “It is a country with the greatest concentration of black people in the world and it is the economic and entertainment hub of Africa,” Coker said. He stressed that the country was blessed with a large population, adding that if Nigerian patronised tourism it would eventually attract foreign tourists. Coker said that the majority of countries benefiting from tourism revenue like Kenya, South Africa and Seychelles; don’t have the population of Nigeria. He said that the total inhabitants of some countries do not equate the total population of Lagos dwellers alone, which according to him was over 20 million. The NTDC boss maintained that the percentage of Nigeria’s population with the purchasing power for tourism was over 30 percent out of over 180 million Nigerians. “By and large, the CHIEF PLAN has started yielding fruits before the advent of the COVID-19 pandemic in the first quarter of 2020. “But we are gradually getting back to the path of successful achievements of the plan with the Tour Nigeria Brand and many others,” Coker said. (NAN)