The All Progressives Congress (APC) in Oyo State has resumed the membership registration and revalidation exercise, calling for calm among new members. In a statement on Thursday in Ibadan, jointly signed by its Publicity Committee Chairman, Alhaji Kehinde Olaosebikan and Secretary, Olawale Sadare, the APC said materials had been distributed across the 33LGAs. The party said that the distribution of the materials signalled the continuation of the exercise. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the exercise had earlier been put on hold for reasons attributed to logistics challenges. NAN also reports that party chairmen across the 33 LGAs and other relevant officials were on Thursday summoned to the state secretariat to take delivery of the registration materials. Federal Salary Structure Can’t Be Imposed On States- Fayemi Buhari Meets Traditional Rulers, Vows To Be Harder On Criminals The party said that due diligence had been carried out by the members of the seven-man monitoring committee to supervise the exercise in the state from the national secretariat. The APC said that it was satisfied with the success recorded so far in the conduct of the exercise which would now be concluded on the last day of the month. “We are glad to announce to members of the public that our party has ordered all its field officers to resume at their duty post immediately. “They should recommence the membership registration and revalidation process across all the 4,778 polling units in the 351 Wards of the 33LGAs across the state. “This announcement came as the party received more registration materials from Abuja following a successful review of the exercise, which commenced in the first week of February across the state,” the statement read in part. The party stated that now that more materials had been provided, members of the public desirous of joining APC can visit the polling unit nearest to them and get registered. The party said that it was imperative for those who recently joined the party from other political parties to take full advantage of the new opportunity of registering. Source (NAN)