Chief Olabode George, a former Deputy National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has recounted his experience of how God saved him from being arrested in the 1997 ‘phantom’ coup of the late General Sani Abacha. George who retired as a Commodore in the Nigerian Navy was the Principal Staff Officer, to Lieutenant General Oladipo Diya when the latter was Chief of General Staff or second in command to Abacha, who was the Head of State. On 21 December 1997, the government arrested top army officials including Diya, Major General Tajudeen Olanrewaju, Major General Abdulkarim Adisa, and eight others for allegedly plotting to violently overthrow the government of Abacha. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Speaking in an exclusive interview with Daily Independent on why he was not implicated in the coup despite his closeness to Diya, Bode George who is the Atona Oodua of Yorubaland said he was retired from the military few months before the alleged coup took place. “ I was not framed in the coup  because I had left the military before it happened. That’s why I said God works in many mysterious ways. I will always tell the truth to power. It was a dog-eat-dog period even among senior military officers”. FG Using FTZs To Reduce High Unemployment Rate, Insecurity BREAKING: [Video] Ogun Receives 100,000 Dozes Of COVID-19 Vaccines “The camaraderie that was established to unite the military was absent.  If the military is divided, it’s a very dangerous thing for this country because we don’t fight wars by tribes. These are your colleagues, irrespective of wherever they come from because you are all going through the same channel in the tunnel and it could you or him who can be shot”. “So, that’s your comrade. You carry him and save him. The truth is, military intervention into governance destroyed the military. When we came in, your neighbour is your brother. I have told you my relationship with Admiral Murtala Nyako”. “Till tomorrow, he is my brother. If anything happens to him, I will be there in a jiffy and if anything happens to me, he will be here. We met in the navy and that was the kind of camaraderie that the military established. All that disappeared during the Abacha era. You can’t go to the mess to relax; you can’t talk; you can’t debate.  Whereas do you expose your brain? You are afraid to talk anywhere because they read meanings into what you say. A month before the crisis they retired me”. “When I told my father, he said ‘pack your things from Abuja and come home’.  I was very close to Papa Adegoke of Adegoke motors, a real Papa Aladura. He was always very prayerful. When I told him, he said he went into a vigil, praying and saying ‘God, why this this happen now?’ He said suddenly, one of the pastors said ‘Baba, what if God rescued him from trouble through this early retirement?” “He said how do you know the plans of God?  Eventually that was what happened”. Going down memory lane, George said he was busy in his office preparing the speech to be read by the late Head of State to welcome the victorious Dream Team Olympics Team that represented the country at the Atlanta 96 Olympics in the United States when news got to him that he has been retired. “I was preparing the speech for the Head of State because we had won the Olympics and General Abacha was to receive the Dream Team and it was my schedule to prepare the draft speech because I was in charge of parastatals.  That was my last official function in the Navy before I was retired”. “Not long after I left, they swooped on the whole of our office and raided General Diya and others. I thank God for His grace. It was a bad blood that was sown and now it’s past as an experience”. “Some of us are still alive, some are dead but I pray that we should use it as an experience to make sure that such massive hatred and division will never happen again”. “I’m not looking at it through the prism of revenge. No, let us learn from history and avoid the pitfalls of the past so that we can improve the relationship within ourselves because if the military is not united, this country will not hold” he said.