Fidelity Bank Plc has restated its readiness to continually support the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) efforts to engender sustainable economic development by significantly improving diaspora remittances and foreign exchange (FX) inflows into the country. Mrs. Nneka Onyeali-Ikpe, Fidelity Bank CEO, who made this known on Saturday at the inaugural edition of the Fidelity Diaspora Webinar Series in Lagos, stated that the bank would leverage its robust digital infrastructure, bespoke product offerings and extensive partnership with International Money Transfer Operators (IMTOs) to strengthen remittances inflows. While applauding the regulator of the financial services industry for its well-timed interventions in the FX market, Mrs. Onyeali-Ikpe stated the virtual event was part of concerted efforts to deepen engagement with Nigerian citizens’ resident abroad, providing them greater clarity on recent policy measures by the CBN and its attendant implications for diaspora investments. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “We are here today to discuss modalities of Diaspora Remittance as well as awareness of investment opportunities in Nigeria. We believe when people are armed with adequate knowledge, they will be able to make informed decisions”, she explained. Shedding light on the investment opportunities available in the country such as fixed income securities, private equity prospects in companies, modernized agriculture, urban and infrastructure renewal projects, amongst others, she pointed out that many Nigerians in the Diaspora are taking advantage of the bank’s Diaspora Mortgage product to acquire homes in Nigeria. BUA Cement Plc Bags Okpella Recognition Award Sterling One Foundation Partners NNNGO To Provide Grants For Non-Profits “As an innovative bank, our digital link on several IMTO sites ensures that Nigerians in diaspora can open both Naira and domiciliary accounts in 10 minutes and remit funds to Nigeria. Our Private Banking team can handhold interested persons for mortgage to avoid scams,” she explained.