ABUJA – Minister of Interior and for­mer governor of Osun State, Rauf Aregbesola, has said Ni­gerians were very industrious but lacked the ability to gener­ate enough output that would boost the nation’s economic fortunes. The Interior Minister said this on Monday while making a special remark at a lecture series with the theme, “Build­ing the Future of Nigeria through Enterprise and Inno­vation,” organised by a group, Building The Future Forum (BTFF). According to the Minister, Nigerians were not in any way lazy; they go about their jobs with diligence and dedi­cation, but their level of pro­ductivity is too low to salvage the country from the grips of poverty. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He made a comparison between a farmer in Nigeria who cultivates a hectare of land and another in China who cultivates the same hect­are of land, saying while that of Nigeria gets less yields de­spite all factors being in his fa­vour, the Chinese farmer may end up getting better yields at the end of the exercise. “Do not get me wrong, Nigerians are very hard working and industrious but when you look at the output compared to the efforts they put into their work, it is very very low, such things cannot navigate the country out of poverty,” he stated. Buhari’s APC Is Visionless, Can’t Think, Says Sule Lamido Progressive Govs Flay Malnutrition In APC States Aregbesola also extolled the womenfolk on the occa­sion of commemorating the international women’s day, insisting that women were much more goal-oriented than their male folks. He said women were less prone to crimes and anti-so­cial behaviours in the society, stressing that during his ad­ministration as Osun State governor, women appointed into sensitive offices delivered better results. Meanwhile, Bismarck Re­wane, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Fi­nancial Derivatives Company Ltd, while giving a keynote address, described the vice president, Yemi Osinbajo, as a dynamic leader whose im­pact cut across all strata of the Nigerian economy. While speaking on inno­vation, creativity, and entre­preneurship as guiding the future and destiny of Nigeri­an economic transformation, Rewane revealed that Osin­bajo was instrumental in the decisions that culminated in the new National Minimum Wage for workers in Nigeria. According to Rewane, through foresight and commit­ment, Osinbajo, through the Presidential Enabling Busi­ness Environment Council (PEBEC), engendered reforms better known as the Ease of Doing Business in Nigeria.