It is rather interesting, just sitting back and watching how Abuja is managing the controversy of the moment. It landed out of the blues; the National Security Adviser, retired Major General Babagana Monguno, had spoken to the Hausa Service of the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), where he commented on the large-scale purchase of arms to combat the insurgency that has blanketed the country. Reportedly, the NSA said that the newly appointed Service Chiefs have not seen the newly acquired armaments. But his office explained he was quoted out of context. And then, just as the news was gaining traction, Presidential Spokesman, Mallam Garba Shehu, went on air to clarify matters. Had Mallam Shehu not made his robust explanation, this column would have been on another topic. Shehu said no part of the money earmarked for the procurement of military equipment was missing. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Shehu said that the military had purchased armaments in large quantities, but they have been “coming in bits and in pieces. You are talking about the $1 billion taken from the excess crude account with the consent from state governors and was used for military procurements. The reference by it in the interview of the BBC in Hausa service by the National Security Adviser, I think, has been misconstrued and mistranslated. The NSA made two critical points. One is that we don’t have enough which is a statement of fact, and two, procurements made have not been fully delivered.” First, an important point; the nastiness that played out under the PDP administration which President Olusegun Obasanjo headed, still repeated itself in this administration of President Muhammadu Buhari. And that nastiness was the totally unnecessary and debilitating rivalry between the NSA and the Chief of Staff. C’est Fini Liverpool? Borno’s Ghost IDP Families The first of such rivalries was between Obasanjo’s NSA (Lt. Gen Aliyu Gusau) and the Chief of Staff, (Gen. Abdullahi Mohammed). In the heat of that rivalry, I wrote that the NSA requires a free-hand to coordinate issues of national security, and I used examples aplenty from the US where Nigeria copied the Federal Presidential system of government from. In fact, I wrote on that topic for two consecutive weeks. Unfortunately, that rivalry played out between the offices of the NSA (Gen. Babagana Monguno) and the Chief of Staff (the late Abba Kyari). At its peak, the Service Chiefs once came into the Presidential Villa, called on the Chief of Staff but failed to even knock on the office of the NSA. I have a problem with Shehu’s suggestion: “The Minister of Finance is in the position to give you all of the details and I hope in the coming days, he should be able to render a full detail. I think people are just being political. They want to draw a moral equivalence between the PDP and APC administration. Well, they are not the same. Things like this cannot happen under the Buhari administration.” The above paragraph saddened me. The person who should give whatever clarifications should be the NSA, not the Minister of Finance. The NSA or the military should know how much was allocated for what and whether or not delivery has been fully and well made, and whether equipment arrived in pristine or dilapidated condition. I want to thank Mallam Shehu for his clarification. But he missed his step on just one issue. It is unthinkable that the humongous funds, $1 billion, yes in American and not Liberian or Jamaican dollars, would just disappear into thin air. That is impossible under any government, whether under the PDP or the APC administration. That any one person or group of persons could have cornered all of that $1 billion would NEVER happen anywhere, and I mean anywhere. The real question to ask is if Nigeria got real value or will get real value for the money. I say it because Nigeria has been shortchanged before on a security contract. And I will give an example. Exactly at 3pm on Wednesday, March 29, 2006, a top-secret business was at last nearing conclusion; and all of the sum of E107,500,000.00 (One hundred and seven million, five hundred thousand Euros only) was wired out of Nigeria from a bank in the tony Abuja Central District. Actually, that was only a half of the total payment. It had taken some two years from the day the idea of having a coastal surveillance cropped up in a memo to the Transport Minister to the day millions of Euro were wired out to Israel. Mr. S.A.N. Timson, then a Rear Admiral, raised a May 24, 2004 correspondence on behalf of the Chief of Naval Staff to the Transport Minister, which the ministry passed on to the Presidential Implementation Committee On Maritime Safety and Security three months later on July 17, 2004. In that interim too, the very nature and scope of the contract had changed severely, with all the decisions now being made by those who knew nothing about the security or defence of a nation’s coastline. The Navy and the entire military were shunted aside and every decision leading to the contract award was handled by only those close to Obasanjo – he actually hand-picked them. The two-page memo proposed the installation of a coastal surveillance system and to establish a Joint Radar-Based Surveillance system to enable the Navy to totally police the country’s 84, 000 nautical miles Exclusive Economic Zone as granted by the United Nations Conference on Law of the Sea as well as the coastal areas. This was to be achieved using surface and sub-surface surveillance through a “system of fixed seabed acoustic sensors in strategic locations in addition to Nigerian Navy patrol efforts.” The memo added that the Navy had already received a costing for the needed items from VisSIM AS-MARIS GROUP, – which was attached for the minister’s consideration. By 2004, the insurgency in the Niger Delta had become an epidemic. The most logical thing to have been done was to fund the project from the defence votes, and if the budget could not accommodate it, a supplementary budget could have been sent to the National Assembly. Instead of this very direct route, Aso Rock set up a special committee; Presidential Implementation Committee on Maritime Safety and Security (PICOMISS). But most illogically, it refused to accommodate the Nigerian Navy, the very outfit that would bear the responsibility of making the sought-after security system work. Really, there would have been no need to raise a special committee on this project; the Minister involved, of Transport this time, should have prepared a memo to be discussed at the weekly Federal Executive Council (FEC) where every contract above N50 million is discussed, approved or discarded. So, why was that route not taken? Approving the contract in that forum would have taken it out of the direct and total supervision of the Presidency and into the control of the Defence ministry. Also, and most importantly, the contract award would then have needed to be advertised, bids called for, and all aspects of the award would need to have been subjected to Due Process certification. Thus, by using ad hoc committees, often, Aso Rock was by-passing the Due Process test which it had instituted to ensure that Nigeria got contract value for money. Once the Committee got to work, the Aso Rock set up another core group, the Presidential Task Team (PTT) to further limit knowledge about the project. Only four persons, ASP Sekibo, Transport Minister (chairman), R.O Oristsejafor Minister of State (Junior Minister) for Defence (this is the height of hypocrisy because the man was a politician dancing to Aso Rock’s tune. Soldiers were not involved and the Military Attache in Israel would have played a key role, but he did not. Even the Nigerian Ambassador to Israel was in the dark about this project which the then National Security Adviser (NSA) Mr. Aliyu Gusau, who retired as Lt. Gen, knew totally nothing about.). Mr. Funsho Kupkolakun, an Engineer and the Group Managing Director of the NNPC and O.L Anyaanya, Secretary to PICOMSS, and Secretary to PTT, were the other two members. By now the reasons for the contract have been spruced up beyond what the Naval memo stated; simply because governments everywhere have a compelling reason to find grandiose reason to justify ever ill. Here, in a memo on PTT’s behalf, Sekibo, the Transport Minister to Obasanjo, the compelling reasons for the contract had become this: “the importance of deploying suitable technology to help with maritime security accidents and unanticipated natural emergencies. On the global scene, the increased incidents of terrorist attacks and incidents and spate of natural disasters, dictate urgent action to forestall and mitigate similar occurrences within Nigeria’s maritime domain” especially as oil from the Niger Delta remains the mainstay of Nigeria’s economy. The contract signed in Abuja in March 2006, specifically demanded that the Israeli company should “design, develop, manufacture, install and prepare for operation three Aerostar Unmanned Aerial Vehicle intelligence systems and three Seastar systems for aerial and marine use”. Each Aerostar system is said to include between three and six small unmanned planes, and each plane is equipped with sensors and cameras with both day- and night-vision capabilities. The drones can remain in the air for up to 14 hours. While the Israeli Ambassador, Noam Katz, in Abuja knew every detail of the secret contacts made during the negotiation, his Nigerian counterpart in Tel Aviv, Anthony George Manzo, a medical doctor who had by then served in Israel for two years, was totally unaware of the deal; he later told the Israeli newspaper, Haaretz, that he read about it in the papers. “The embassy was not involved in the deal,” he said. In all fairness though, aside from drones, the contract compelled Aeronautics to construct 10 radar stations along Nigeria’s entire 850 kilometer coastline at about one radar per 100 km of coastline. They would also construct three command and control stations to monitor the array of air and sea-based surveillance systems. One station was to be at the naval command base in Apapa, the other in Calabar. A third with capacity for national coverage was planned to be sited at the naval station in Ojo. Even the Defence Minister, was not consulted and never knew about the contract – he to his shame was to learn about it from an American Ambassador, Mr. John Campbell, who told this author that when he returned to Nigeria in 2003, he was on his second tour of duty in Nigeria as he was in Lagos in the late 1980s. Campbell added that he also personally asked to be sent to Nigeria! At the then prevailing exchange rate, the E215m contract equaled $260m. An Israeli publication, Haaretz, reported that “As for the Aeronautics Ventures deal, experts estimate that, according to the value of the equipment, and even if Aeronautics profits from the deal reach 100 percent, the scope of the deal will not exceed $150 million”.