The Association of Senior Staff of Banks, Insurance and Financial Institutions (ASSBIFI) has urged the three tiers of governments, federal, states and local governments to as a result of COVID-19, develop an economic Blueprint for vocational entrepreneurs to fast-tracking economic development in the country. Oyinkan Olasanoye, ASSBIFI’s President, who made the call at the weekend in Lagos, stated that the challenges of COVID-19 have made government in the other countries of the world develop policies that would boost vocational entrepreneurs in breaking barriers and building small businesses. She called on the governments to go into partnership with vocational centres in their locality with a desire to have a graduating list of students with potentials. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! She emphasised that the partnership should be such that would ensure that business and entrepreneurial skills are taught with a particular focus on money and inter-people management courses. Olasanoye , who drew a line of distinction between vocational businesses (entrepreneurs) and small and medium scale businesses (entrepreneurs), called on governments to distinguish between the different levels of small-scale businesses, adding that the setup of Blueprint for financial-eco target audience would boost service delivery in various forms with daily effect on the financial spending of Nigerians. Nigeria’s Oil Production Threatened By Looming Workers’ Strike How Vocational Training Was Hampered By COVID-19 Pandemic – Report According to the labour leader, most vocational entrepreneurs in the country in the past have engaged in the skill on skill learning/ training of fresh apprentices who pay a certain amount to engage training on the job, experience on the training and subsequent graduation especially in areas where vocational educational centres are unavailable with little support or economic framework from government. “We are worried that much attention has not been given to the small businesses by governments. “It is not news that small scale businesses play a critical role in the annual generation of the nation’s GDP. In the United States of America, small businesses are the lifeblood of the US economy that creates two-thirds of net new jobs and drive the US economy and competitiveness. A new report shows that they account for 44 percent of the US economic activity. “This is to because they also help to stimulate economic growth by providing employment opportunities to people who may not be employable by SMEs and large organisations or corporations.” She, however, said: “Two-thirds of graduates of most vocational centres start as solo businesses before the thought of employing at most three to seven people, depending on the type of vocation. Interestingly, multiple taxations apply to both sides of the divide. Like small-scale businesses, vocational entrepreneurs also contribute to local economies by bringing growth and innovation to the community in which the business is established”.