StarTimes, a pay television operations giant in Nigeria, has debunked insinuations that legal proceedings in Hong Kong may affects its widespread operations in the country, stating that the said legal matter is mere storm in the tea cup. According to Lazarus Ibeabuchi, Public Relations manager for the outfit, StarTimes has not been subjected to any court order, in Nigeria or anywhere else, in relation to a dispute with beIN Media Group. There had been some reports that the group had dragged the pay tv operators to court over soccer rights on Lique One, where the plaintiff had asked for winding up order be served on operators. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! But putting perspectives to the reports, Ibeabuchi explained that though in Hong Kong, a legal proceeding is on-going to resolve the differences between both aggrieved parties, it still remains an ongoing court proceeding and not a court order. “A court in Hong Kong has no jurisdiction over Nigeria. Whatever decision reached is binding on both parties in that country only, and would have no consequences on StarTimes’ operations in Nigeria,” he explained. How FTZ Will Reduce Unemployment In Abuja – NEPZA Boss NITDA Trains 540 Youths Per State In Specialised Digital Literacy, Skills StarTimes says that it has been in constant communication with beIN Media Group, and is confident that the two parties will resolve the issue in an amicable manner. StarTimes has been for several years the official broadcaster of many premium sports events in Sub-Saharan Africa: La Liga, Bundesliga and UEFA Europa football leagues; as well as Spain’s Copa del Rey and Supercopa de España, England’s FA Cup and, Italy’s Coppa Italia and Supercoppa Italiana. Last week, MUTV, the official TV channel of Manchester United was launched on the platform. Earlier this year, StarTimes successfully aired the 2020 CHAN. “StarTimes enjoys fruitful and constructive relations with these right holders and partners with them to organise promotional activities on a regular basis. StarTimes will keep promoting sports events and bringing top football content to millions of Nigerian homes. “Our ability to bring these premium football content to homes across Africa is a testament to our sustainable earnings. Findings by London-based Digital . “TV Research show that StarTimes would enjoy the most impressive growth in Africa, from 10.11 million subs at end-2020 to 16.86 million by 2026. StarTimes began degital tv penetration in Nigeria about two years ago. Kpaduma, rural community at the edge of Abuja, is one of the communities enjoying this Chinese digital satellite television project. The rustic community is one of the 1,000 villages carefully selected to benefit from a China-aid program that works on providing 1,000 Nigerian villages with the access to digital television. The program was officially launched January 2019. StarTimes, a Chinese firm which offers direct-to-home pay TV services, introduced its digital television service to Kpaduma, to flag off the enormous project across Nigeria in 2019. The project acts on one of the resolutions of the Johannesburg Summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC) in 2015, in which the Chinese government pledged to provide satellite television for 10,000 African villages. Under the project, each of the 1,000 chosen villages in Nigeria, Africa’s most populous country, will receive two sets of solar-powered projector television systems and one set of solar 32-inch digital television integrated terminal system. Altogether, 20,000 households in rural Nigeria will benefit from the project. In each village, 20 recipient families with television will be provided with 20 sets of direct broadcast satellite terminal system free of charge. A projector television system was also being provided to each of the 1,000 villages, for viewers to publicly watch at least 21 satellite channels free of charge. StarTimes offers some of its channels in three main Nigerian languages — Yoruba, Hausa, and Igbo, as well as a Chinese Kung Fu movie channel and Nollywood (Nigerian entertainment) channels, among others. The implementation of the project also created more jobs, as Nigerians across the 1,000 selected villages have been trained on how to install, recharge and operate the facility.