International Women’s Day has been noted as a global day set aside to celebrate the social, economic, cultural, and political achievements of women. The day also marks a call to action for accelerating gender parity. As the activity was marked worldwide, groups of women and men came together in various parts of the country to celebrate women’s achievements in Nigeria as well as a rallying point for women’s political posturing for 2023. ROLAND OGBONNAYA writes There were series of events organised in Nigeria to mark International Women’s Day on March 8th, 2021. The or­ganisers chose to trumpet ‘Change comes from a challenge’ this year, explaining that, “A challenged world is an alert world.” The International Women’s Day website further said that, “We can all choose to challenge and call out gender bias and inequal­ity.” Gender parity in government, workplaces, health care, sports, and media coverage is achievable through individual change, organisers said. They expressed confidence that this year’s theme — #ChooseToChallenge — will inspire individuals to chal­lenge biases, question stereotypes and celebrate the achievements of women around the world. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! In past years, International Women’s Day has been celebrated with festivals, marathons and other events across the world, but with the COVID-19 pandemic, most events were virtual. They range from a Zoom painting event in Sydney to an online marathon in Singapore and talk shops and rallies in Nigeria. Most of the events organised in Nigeria, bordered on improving women’s re­productive health, eliminating those challenges inhibiting or impeding women’s participation in politics in order to address them before the 2023 general elections. Women are taking part in the gov­ernance and nation-building of their countries. In October 2019, it was re­ported that the global participation rate of women at the national level was 24.5% compared to 8% in 2013, which many see as quite reassuring. Ironically, in Nigeria, there is still a need for Nigerian women to have up to 50% representation in government even when others believe that the 50% is not enough anymore. Convocation: DG, Be Good Ambassadors, DG NCA Charges New Graduates CACOL Lauds Supreme Court For Upholding Dariye’s Sentence They say that many more women are needed in governance and the reason is that they have the exper­tise to aid in achieving a stronger and vibrant democracy. According to Mr. Ban Ki-moon, the former Sec­retary-General of the United Nation, “When we empower women, we em­power communities and nations and the entire human communities.” A good number of women in Ni­geria have made a significant impact on governance and nation-building. Historically, once women come to­gether, they can make things happen because they understand their issues and can articulate them from a point of succinct comprehension. Women like Mrs. Fumilayo Ran­some-Kuti, an activist and a political campaigner – 30 years ago, fought the government for taxing women in Egba land. Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala is another prominent woman in the global space. She served as Nigeria’s Finance Min­ister and also as Nigeria’s Foreign Affairs Minister. She was recently elected as the first female and the first African Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO). Locally, other scores of women have made their impact in governance in the President Muhammadu Buhari government and the All Progressives Congress (APC) women as a result are asking for more representation in both National Assembly and other government appointments. On Thursday, barely 24 hours after it demanded gender parity in party administration and control, women in the APC intensified lobby to get at least 108 members in the House of Representatives ahead of the 2023 general elections. There are, at pres­ent, 11 women in the 360-member House of Representatives, but the women representative in the party’s Caretaker Extraordinary Convention Planning Committee (CECPC), Stella Okotete, said the women are working towards having a platform that would produce at least three women federal representatives in each state in 2023. Some of the female politicians who attended the strategic meeting held Thursday at the APC National Secretariat in Abuja included a for­mer Senator, Khairat Abdulrasak Gwadabe, Chairman, House Commit­tee on INEC, Hon. Aisha Dukku, Hon. Iquo Inyang and the Iyaloja of Abuja, Chief Mrs. Toyin Badmus among oth­ers. Okotete said; “In some countries, a certain percentage of the capital budget is allocated to women-owned enterprises, women-owned business promoters. If this is adopted as the ruling party, in government, I can as­sure you that what we are planning for 2023, the 108 positions minimum in the House of Representatives will be achieved.” On the other side, the women in Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) are also demanding the slot of Vice President as a condition for the par­ty to gain their support in the 2023 presidential election. It also called on women to make themselves rele­vant and available to contest elective offices in order to take advantage of the 35% affirmative action already promised by the party. The PDP Na­tional Woman Leader, Mariya Wazi­ri, during the week said the women were called to discuss among them how to encourage and explore sug­gestions for strengthening the party, especially at the grassroots. “During this meeting, we also reviewed and fine-tuned our engagement strategies and approaches, especially bearing in mind that we have some by-elections and governorship election in Anam­bra on the horizon,” she said. Ejike Orji, politician, medical doc­tor and women reproductive health expert told Saturday INDEPEN­DENT on Thursday said that Nige­rian women deserve more than 50% representation in governance. He said, “Yes outside this country, wom­en have made tremendous strides. In Nigeria, we are still seeing pockets and flashes of greatness. When our and approaches, especially bearing in mind that we have some by-elections and governorship election in Anam­bra on the horizon,” she said. Ejike Orji, politician, medical doc­tor and women reproductive health expert told Saturday INDEPEN­DENT on Thursday said that Nige­rian women deserve more than 50% representation in governance. He said, “Yes outside this country, wom­en have made tremendous strides. In Nigeria, we are still seeing pockets and flashes of greatness. When our women find themselves outside they excel just like our men folks. In Nige­ria, having been in the development space and a women’s rights activist I see very little hope of any major changes in the creation of spaces for women in leadership in our country. The women are the greatest opposers of themselves. I supported nine wom­en groups when I was in Ipas.” He said in those women groups, “there are fratricidal fights any time they want to change leadership. Ei­ther the outgoing one factionalises the organisation if she does not get what she wants or tries to change the constitution of the organisation to extend her leadership. I provided leadership training for them over a 10-year period. The greatness of any country depends on the spaces creat­ed for them. Our women are so great; I wish they could be a little supportive of each other. They will move moun­tains”. For Elishama Ideh, one of the fore­most female presidential aspirants in the 2019 general election, “women want a change in every sphere of the society, they don’t want to be margin­alised because of their gender, they want their voice to be heard, they want equal representation/opportu­nities in every level of public office and they want a change in every policy that subjugate the woman, de­mean her or relegate her, they want policies that will protect the woman of every age against violence/girl child marriage/rape and every acts that affects her as a woman and men­tal wellness.” She expressed optimism that women are emerging gradually to take their rightful place politically in the country because they are be­coming more aware that they cannot be limited or shut down anymore. “Yes women are emerging in strong political positions globally, not only in Nigeria but for 2023 anything can happen. “For were to emerge stron­ger in 2023, women must challenge and overcome God Fatherism/lack of financial support. “Of course, the majority of our electorates are not fully well informed to understand how the presence of a woman can bring a radical change to their elected offices and also for the fact that the voters are still not well educated enough to know and under­stand that their vote is their power, which should not be sold for a pot of portage,” Dr. Elishama Ideh stressed. In 2016, there was a study by McK­insey that revealed that only 5% of women are CEOs of companies, 22% cabinet members, while 24% are elected to official positions in Africa. In Nigeria, in the last election (2019), there were up to 3000 women candi­dates across all the parties. However, only 64 women were elected and ap­pointed into political offices. Looking at the figures, there is a clear indi­cation that it is very low and needs to be addressed as the 2023 election approaches. To do that some of the obstacles identified by Dr. Elishama Ideh must be tackled head-on. More so, those already elected must see themselves as a springboard and position themselves strategically, so they can increase the number of women in political offices. With the 2023 election in mind, it is imper­ative that women start preparing themselves ahead of the election and strategise on how to get more women elected to the government. Already, a non-partisan organi­sation advocating for more women’s participation in politics, ElectHer, an­nounced a $10 million fund of which it had already secured $2 million to empower women and directly fund, not less than 35 women to decide, run and win in the coming 2023 general elections. Co-Founders and Executive Directors of the organisation, Ibijoke Faborode, and Abosede George-Ogan, earlier warned that the persistent gross under-representation of Nige­rian women in elective offices could pose a severe threat to nation-build­ing and socio-economic growth if not corrected as the country is heading towards another general election in 2023. They said given that women con­stitute about 50 per cent of the popu­lation, Nigeria currently has the low­est representation of women across parliament in Africa, at a dismal 4.1 per cent, noting that in 2019, only five were among the 73 candidates that contested for the post of president and none of them (women) were among the top three most-voted in the presi­dential race. Well, as the IWD theme suggests, for women to achieve more than 50% representation in governance in 2023, they have to #Choosetochallenge.