“These shall make war with the lamb and the Lamb shall overcome them: for he is Lord of Lords and King of kings and they that are with him are called and chosen and faithful”. 41. I remain the same all the time, the children of God have nothing to worry about as long as they adhere strictly to the words of these teachings y possessing love. 42. They will see all these things happening yet nothing shall happen to them. All those who practice the injunctions of God cannot have problems in life. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! 43. But those who claim to be mighty, strong, murderers, stubborn and thieves, and those who blaspheme against God shall all extinct from the surface of the earth in a second. 44. All those who struggle for landed property claiming that the said property belongs to their claiming that the said property belongs to their fathers. Who is your father? You further claim to be the government. Who made you the government? To all the inhabitants of the world the time is nigh. Upholding Your Dignity And Respect As A Man NIREC Seeks End To Environmental Pollution 45. I am not going into details but I am summarizing everything. I have finished for I do not intend to take you further. From 1974 to this day is a long time, with what is now at stake. Is there anybody who can make any noise? 46. There are a lot of preparations in the pipeline and I have observed that so many people have changed for the better. Had I worn the black garment in 1974 or thereabout, a lot of people have changed for the better that so many people have changed for the better. Had I worn the black garment in 1974 or thereabout, a lot of people would have been in a state of pity. 47. But so many people have changed greatly for their eyes are now opened. Anybody who perishes now was destined for destruction. What I am telling you now is the truth and not vision, prophesy or dream but the real truth. 48. I HAVE NEVER SPOKEN IN VAIN, ALL MY PRONOUNCEMENTS MUST SURELY COME TO PASS. But this is not the case with yours for none comes to pass, both blacks and whites inclusive. THE BLACK GARMENT IS REAL 49. Rejoice with God because this cost you nothing. You seek for life, and you are given. All your sins are forgiven. Why then do you delay. 50. The day I shall wear this black garment, you would be surprised and there will be no going back for you, because damnation has set in. there will be a lot of wailing and crying on that day for it shall happen in at winkle of an eye. DO NOT CHALLENGEE GOD 51. Recall when the king of Assyria sent messages of war o Hezekiah that he was going to crush the children of Israel as he had done to other kingdoms and empires and thus conquered them. Hezekial went quietly to the Altar of the lord and placed the letter that the king of Assyria sent to him and prayed thus before the lord. “O Lord God of Israel, which dwellest between the cheribims, thou art the God, even thou alone, of all the kingdoms of the earth; thou has made heaven and earth”. 52. Hezekiah further prayed God that he bows down his ear and hear, that He opens His eyes and see mere mortal He created challenging Him. 53. God sent only a single soul in the camp of Assyrians survived apart from the king Sennachrib who had fled the previous day to Nineveh. All the doubting Thomaes shall be eliminated from the surface of the earth. 54. SEE HOW IDENY MYSELF OF COMFORT BY PRAYING, FASTING AND REFRAINING FROM ALL FORMS OF SINS TO SAVE YOU, YET YOU ARE NOT WILLING TO SAVED. 55. I really pity the whole world including the children of Brotherhood of the Cross and Star. Take for instance, all those who backslides from Brotherhood of the Cross and Star; where are they now? 56. Once you leave this fold, you are condemned. If you doubt me, then try it. I am on top of the palm tree and I tell you that palm fruits are not yet ripe, but you who are on the ground below, claim that twenty of thee palm fruits are ripe. Harvest the palm fruit if you think so. 57. Can any of you withstand the war going on here? Since 1912 the same warfare has been waging overseas. You are prepared to take precaution. Even with the happiness, joy, long life, and peace given to you by the Holy Father, nobody is thankful to God. SPIRITUAL CHORUS: “Since we have a kingdom that would not be perished, and shall not be destroyed. Let us be thankful to the one seated on the throne”. 58. Have you heard that mu children. The children of this last generation are really loved by God, else He would have done His will. All the judgement equipments are intact and are within my reach. 59. Let us keep our fingers crossed and see what God intends to do in this world. I have fortunately come to prostrate to the Father, reminding Him of His word and He has remembered them. 60. Nobody recalls the word of god and for this reason, you bear malice, quarrel and are exasperated all the time. 61. Brethren. Once you backslide from this fold you are heading towards a long ministry work. Ghost and apparition are not responsible for what befalls you in life. SECOND WITNESS: ACT3:21-23 “Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began. For Moses truly said unto the fathers. A prophet shall the Lord your God raise up unto you of your brethren, like unto me; him shall ye hear in all things whatsoever he shall say unto you. And it shall come to pass, that every soul, which will not hear that prophet, shall be destroyed from among the people”. ALL RESOURCES SHOULD BE HARNSSED 62. What is started in the above text is what will happen; nothing added, nothing subtracted. You are loved greatly by God, also pitied by Him yet nobody loves or pities himself. No evil-doer or Satan shall be saved