LAGOS  – A new research report published by MarketsandMarkets, has posited that the global post-COVID-19 Wi-Fi Market size is expected to grow from $9.4 billion in 2020 to $25.2 billion by 2026, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 17.8% during the forecast period. The major growth drivers for the market include increasing need for robust network connectivity and adoption of Wi-Fi solutions in various verticals such as education, healthcare and life sciences, and retail and e-Commerce, BFSI, and IT and telecom. Areas of the WiFi market component are “Wi-Fi Market by Component (Hardware, Solution, and Services), Density (High-density Wi-Fi and Enterprise-class Wi-Fi), Location Type (Indoor and Outdoor), Organization Size, Vertical (Education, Retail and eCommerce), and Region – Global Forecast to 2026”, HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! By component, hardware segment is expected to hold the largest market size during the forecast period The hardware segment is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The Wi-Fi hardware segment comprises access points, WLAN controllers, wireless hotspot gateways, and others. UN Lauds Dangote Women, Harps On Gender Roles For Global Economic Recovery SON Partners Benue State On Project Development The others segment includes repeaters and relay. The integration of Wi-Fi with other devices has led to improved connectivity. Several verticals such as healthcare and life sciences and BFSI are highly dependent on wireless connectivity, and any kind of loss of connection may hamper their daily business operations. By vertical, healthcare and life sciences segment to grow at a higher CAGR during the forecast period The healthcare and life sciences segment to witness a higher adoption rate in the coming years, the report said. The healthcare and life sciences vertical uses Wi-Fi for the centralized management of data to increase the scalability and reliability of the services offered. In the healthcare and life sciences industry, cloud Wi-Fi services enable easy and secure access to the medical history and other critical information of patients from anywhere at any time.