The narrative of multi ethnic co-habitation harmoniously in Nigeria can’t be complete without also highlighting the fact that the good people of then western region of Nigeria were not left out of the trading, cultural mingling and political blending that permeated the Nigerian system which helped a great deal in eliminating or reducing, distrust and mutual suspicions that are today causing emotions to run high. Back in the days, many Yoruba men who typically hail from Ogbomosho or Ibadan and environs used to find it irresistible to seek larger markets for their wares, especially trade in kolanuts. Arising from such liberal culture thats accommodating to non yorubas , lgbos and Hausas were also major players in politics in Yoruba land. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! In fact, according to records, Nnamdi Azikiwe was on track to becoming a premier of western region but for some political intrigues that truncated the process prompting him to return to his homestead. Nevertheless, the involvement of non-natives in leadership positions in Yoruba land did not start and end with Nnamdi Azikiwe and his near miss at being the premier of western region. A Federal State In A Troubled Nation (2) Ikpeazu: Adeyemi’s Verbal Thuggery I’m not too distant past, Alhaji Usman Mutari, an indigene of Kano state in 1987/88 contested for elective office in Lagos state and won the chairmanship of Isolo Local Government council of Lagos State. And pan-Nigerianism in politics did not end in the 1990s. But it continued until the last five years or so when the hydra headed monster of identify politics reared its ugly head. In 2016, then governor of Ogun state, lbikunle Amosun appointed an lgbo man, Ofor Emmanuel Ndemele, a permanent secretary in his government. That was in tandem with the itinerant nature of the average Yoruba people who love to transverse the country in pursuit of trade, hence they are amenable to also accommodating ‘strangers’ in their land and government. In the spirit of ethnic harmony, the north was also receptive to non natives in the local politics. In the late 80s, a non Hausa/Fulani was also elected to represent Sabongari in the old Kano Municipal Council. His name was Sikuru and he was a popular politician that was of the Yoruba stock. The story is also told of two councilors that had been elected into Fagge local government council in Kano state. One was lgbo and the other Yoruba. Today , such a pan-Nigerian political atmosphere in Kano would be considered ‘Haram’ (forbidden) by the new fangled merchants of hate. So also would it be ‘Alu’ (taboo) to have an Altine as local government chairman in Enugu and ‘Eewo’(sacrilege) for a non Yoruba to be the governor of Oyo, lagos or Ogun and Ekiti or Osun states that used to constitute Western Nigeria that an lgboman, Nnamdi Azikiwe nearly became the premier. What all the past memories of unity amongst Nigerians that has gone awry indicate, is that there was a reasonable degree of trust and acceptance amongst our country’s multiple ethnic nationalities before the current hurly burly. The mercantile nature of the average Yoruba people which is underscored by their coastal location, and driven by their keenness for the expansion of their trade in kolanut and sundry wares, while also engaging in vocations such as taxi driving and similar artisanal ventures, took them to the inner most parts of the north and indeed, Nigeria. In fact, there was a legend or myth built around the kola-nut (endemic in Yoruba land) as being a unifying factor in Nigeria. I can’t readily recall the name of the traditional ruler in the eastern part of our country that shared the story with us about three decades ago in the course of producing and presenting Newsline, an NTA documentary program focused on building unity amongst Nigerians by highlighting things that bind us together as a country. The tantalizing story of the kolanut that has poetic appeal goes thus: “The kola-nut: The Yorubas grow it, the Hausas chew it and the lgbos talk about it the most.” So the intermingling of Nigerians across board from Enugu to lbadan to Kano as encapsulated by the stories of Azikiwe, Altine and Okonkwo, as well as Sikuru, Mutari, Ndemele etc was sort of contemporaneous. In the recent past , just as there are ‘China towns’ all over the Western world particularly in the the Uk and USA, Hausa quarters were dotted all over major Nigerian cities in the southern part. So also were Yoruba as well as lgbo quarters in towns and cities in northern region. How come such mobility of labour and one-for-all, all-for-one approach to life (expressed by president Buhari as “l belong to no one, l belong to everyone”) are almost an anathema in our country, today? Writing on the artificial identities created by the British colonialists, the pair of Muhamad Dan Suleiman of the University of Western Australia and Benjamin Maiangwa of Durham university argue in their paper published in The Conversation -a media platform curated by professional editors- that Nigerians as well as other Africans need to work actively to decolonise social arrangements created by the British. They made the compelling and validating point below: “The Nigerian state, as with other African countries, is trapped in a crisis of belonging. This is expressed through identity battles which sometimes harm people of “other” religions and ethnicities. Such battles have even led to a call for the state to be dissolved”. The excerpt above eloquently defines the current anarchic situation in our beloved country, today. The following assertion by the duo is also quite instructive and speaks for itself as it offers food for thought to our leaders. “The colonial administration created physical borders to demarcate people and enable economic exploitation. Unsurprisingly, many conflicts have arisen over identity tied to power distribution and control of resources. Groups that once flourished together with minor tensions and skirmishes have become intractable enemies due to these meaningless borderlines.” It is a no brainer to figure out that the above excerpt also underpins all that’s currently bedeviling our country and exhorts us to remove the artificial barriers tearing us apart. It was the 40th USA president, Ronald Reagan, that famously stated in a speech during his visit to Germany in 1987 and while on tour of the Berlin Wall dividing Germany into east and west: “Mr Gorbachev, Tear Down This Wall”. He was publicly addressing then USSR president Mikhail Gorbachev whose country was sustaining the wall of division which fostered the Cold War. Based on what we know about the ugly fallouts of ethnic or identity politics, our current and future leaders must roll up their sleeves to deal with it squarely before such pollution becomes entrenched in out politics. As a matter of fact, the sine qua non or desiderata for anyone that aspires to lead our country as president must present to Nigerians in a manifesto is how to keep Nigeria as one entity without any tribe trying to rule the roost. That irreducible minimum ethnic nationalities balancing criteria which gives all the members of the Nigerian union a fair sense of belonging was hitherto achieved with the entrenchment of the federal character principle in the 1999 constitution of Nigeria. That principle is currently not being applied or has even been thrown to the dogs in the present dispensation, hence our country now seems to be on a cliff hangar. So, by and large, what to do in order to leave the legacy of being nation builders as opposed to dividers-in-chief has been clearly cut out by the earlier cited social scientists, Suleiman and Benjamin amongst others who have dug deep into the malaise now threatening to eclipse the nation that hitherto embodied and reflected the following words in the nation’s former national anthem: “Though Tribe and Tongue May Differ, ln Brotherhood We Stand…” With the cold shoulders Nigerian traders are now receiving in neighbouring and other African countries, especially Ghana, and South Africa, we need no soothsayer to enlighten us on why we need to stay together as one united country more than ever before to continue to enjoy the benefits of Nigeria being at least five medium sized countries wrapped into one. To that effect, we need to recalibrate and reset the relationships between the multiple ethnic groups in our country back to how it used to be in the nascent stages of the union. Particularly so, with respect to the glorious days of ethnic harmony as epitomised by great patriots like Azikiwe, Altine and Okonkwo, amongst others who blazed the trail of ethnic, tribal and religious neutrality for national unity. After all, there is strength in numbers as evidenced by China, India and the USA that are currently the leading economies of the world. What the various cross cultural interactions of Nigerians in the past depict, is that after the amalgamation of the southern and northern protectorates in 1914, ordinary Nigerians found ways to adapt to the new geographical arrangement, until some unscrupulous politicians played up ethnic agendas for cheap political gains. Indeed, as the earlier stories that were highlighted to drive the point home reveal, until politics polarized Nigerians, especially in the last two decades and more so in the past 5 years, there were numerous trade and cultural reasons for Nigerians to live in harmony. The 1963 constitution with its imperfections made deliberative leadership possible in the nascent stages of our nationhood via the ethnic nationality or inter regional conferences held from time to time to chart new courses and iron out differences as they arose. When that goal of restoring trust and renewal of bonds that run deeper and beyond the 1914 amalgamation of both the northern and southern protectorates is achieved, the labours of our heroes past would not be in vain. If and when trust is truly restored between the federating units, using United Arab Emirates, UAE as an analogy, why can’t the Niger Delta be like Abu Dhabi – crude oil producing zone; Lagos and the south-west be like Dubai – tourism and trading zone and the northern region be focused on agriculture where they have comparative advantage and the production of renewable energy like windmills and solar power from the vast deserts which abound there – from Sokoto to Katsina and Maiduguri; while the south-east remains the industrial hub where the massive production of goods is concentrated? A recent snap survey (unverified social media post ) suggests that in Ihiala, Anambra state alone, about 64 industrial complexes are in operation, while the entire northern Nigeria comprising of 19 states has about 58 factories in number. By the same token the vast deserts surrounding the north and the Sahel vegetation that abound there can enable Nigeria rival South Africa as a veritable renewable energy source, if windmills and solar power farms are cited there. The vast cultivatable land in the north can also turn Nigeria into a food secure country as opposed to its current status of being on the verge or borderline of countries facing food insecurity issues like Somalia or Venezuela. The idea of Nigeria becoming self-sufficient in food and a buoyant nation is not a flight of fancy because it is achievable if our leaders decide to shorn themselves of the tendencies to be ethnic chauvinists, religious bigots and cure themselves of the epidemic of nepotism so that they can think outside the box. I’m aware of the risk of sounding as if l’m glossing over the fact that differences actually do exist between the major nationalities. That’s far from being the case because l’m not blinded to our differences. Obviously, there are differences between northerners and southerners. Therefore, reaching an absurd conclusion that l think otherwise would be patently faulty and manifestly a misconception of the point that l’m trying to put across. In the first instance, the two distinctive religions of Christianity and lslam predominantly practiced in both regions have set the north and south apart. That’s in addition to the cultural differences and peculiarities influenced , engendered or foisted on each side by by virtue of their respective geographical environments. There are reflected by the distinctive realities of living in the desert or Sahel of the north versus living in the mangrove forests or costal locations of the South-West, South-East and South- South. Nevertheless, l make bold to point out or reiterate the fact that there are more that bind us as people of Nigeria than the factors that separate the multiple ethnic groups that make up the union. As most of us are aware, politics and economics are intertwined, there are no lines of demarcation. So my appeal to both victims and villains is: let’s make conscious efforts to start talking about and engaging in trade which is a critical unifying factor amongst Nigerians as opposed to the drumbeats of war that are currently sounding loudly in the atmosphere. Onyibe, an entrepreneur, public policy analyst, author, development strategist, alumnus of Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Tufts University, Massachusetts, USA and a former commissioner in Delta State government, wrote in from Lagos.