ABUJA- The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Minister of State, Dr. Ramatu Tijjani Aliyu, has affirmed that encouraging more women into leadership positions remains critical in the development of any society. This, she said would go a long way in addressing the challenges of the future. She made this known at the 2021 International Women’s Day (IWD) celebration organized by the Association of Women Town Planners, FCT Chapter with the theme: “Women in Leadership: Achieving an equal future in a COVID-World” HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Aliyu who was represented by the Director  FCT Department of Urban and Regional Planning, Tpl. Zalihau Ahmed, also stated that women in leadership positions must continue to push the boundaries of gender equality by utilising their strengths and leadership qualities in skill, knowledge, experience and emotion, adding that women must pursue the things they want from their job and their career, not waiting for them to come to them. While noting that education and practice are reducing some of the invisible struggles of being a woman in a leadership role, she however, acknowledged that there are still challenges to face and overcome. Do Not Abandon Projects Started By Your Predecessors, Okowa Warns Newly Elected LG Chairmen Fayose Hails Nigerian Women On International Women’s Day The minister therefore tasked female town planners to continue to find solutions to the attendant multi-dimensional consequences of rapid urbanisation, as Nigerians strive to provide liveable spaces both within and outside urban centres Her words, “more women in leadership positions must continue to push the boundaries of gender equality by utilising their strengths and leadership qualities in skill, knowledge, experience and emotion. Encouraging more women into leadership positions remains critical in our era and it will go a long way in addressing the challenges of the future. “Let me commend the leadership of the Association of Women Town Planners, FCT Chapter, for their thoughtfulness in organising this event aimed at reinforcing the fact that everyone has a role to play in forging a more sustainable gender-balanced built environment. This goes to show that the female town planners are prepared to take the lead in tackling the challenges of building our cities sustainably. “As professional town planners, the onus is on us to continue to find solutions to the attendant multi-dimensional consequences of rapid urbanisation, as we strive to provide liveable spaces both within and outside urban centres”. The minister posited that women are imbued with the natural qualities of tender care and are in a position to direct the development of human spaces in a manner that suits the living of today without comprising the comfort of those to inherit the earth from us. In her remarks, Chairperson Association of Women Town Planners FCT chapter, Tpl. Lami Ayuba, noted that women town planners are leaders in the built environment, just as she encouraged female town planners to positively position the profession. Ayuba, however, expressed concern over what she described as proliferation of all kinds of estates in the city without planning, stressing that a proper standard should be evolved for estate development in the Federal Capital Territory.