ABUJA – Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) has again called for scrapping of Petroleum Equalisation Fund (PEF) from Nigeria’s petroleum distribution chain, saying the agency is a cesspool of corruption and a colossal waste. Chief Ukadike Chinedu, the National Public Relations Officer and Publicity Secretary of IPMAN, fielding questions from a select oil and gas journalists in Abuja, described the Fund as a colossal waste which serves as a conduit pipe and a pool for corruption in Nigeria’s Oil and Gas sector. But, in a swift reaction, Dr. Goddy Nnadi, discharged Chief Ukadike’s statement as untrue doubting if he has the mandate to speak on behalf of IPMAN. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to him, such declaration cannot be coming from IPMAN because only last week, the IPMAN national executive council held a meeting in Kano, where they passed vote of confidence in PEF. Nnadi said PEF has now gone fully automated and has become more effective and efficient than ever, stressing that although the agency’s marketers are on the increase hitting close to 10,000, payments do not last more than one month. NGA Named NLNG Gas Company Of The Year Fuel Hike: Is FG Testing The Waters? “I can tell you that PEF is now fully automated and payments don’t last more than one month. And we have more marketers now close to 10000 marketers across the country. The benefits of PEF on Nigerian society are evident”. Earlier, IPMAN Spokesman bemoaned the red tape that has allegedly become an aftermath of misappropriation and delay in the payment of petroleum marketers in Nigeria, stressing that the body reaffirms its stance that it’s a welcome development to scrap the PEF as recommended in the draft document for new Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB). Ukadike advised government to ensure that local refineries are brought back to normal working conditions, adding that once that is done there will be no need for PEF. He said that PEF have the penchant of owing payments of marketers for upwards one year for reasons best known to it, adding that such delay is affecting adversely the smooth distribution of products across the country. “PEF is owing marketers billions of Naira. I cannot give an estimate because I don’t have access to their data base, but I also know owning some independent marketers over N300 million as I am talking to you, some over N200 million lasting for a period of up to two years, the question is how do you want those people to survive in the business. “The fact is that PEF delay payment for reasons best known to them, when you meet them they will tell you that PPMC has not remitted the money to them. The question then is what the excess of the bureaucratism is. Why not the PPMC remit to the marketers directly who has loaded products from them? The cost of sustaining that agency should be channelled to other meaningful ventures such as building good roads” he added.