…Urges FG To Stop Paying Ransom At Random LAGOS- With the latest abduction of primary school pupils in Kaduna State, former Vice President, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has once again called on President Muhammadu Buhari to declare a state of emergency in the education sector. Atiku, who also urged the Buhari-led administration to post 24-hour armed guards at every school in the affected and neighbouring states, noted that no expense must be spared to keep every school in the affected areas safe. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Gunmen were said to have invaded the Local Education Authority (LEA) Primary School, Rama village, Birnin Gwari Local Government Area of Kaduna State on Monday, abducting the pupils and their teachers. The Kaduna state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Mr. Samuel Aruwan who confirmed the incident in a statement on Monday, said the state government had received reports of the incident. Data Protection: NITDA Fines Electronics Coy N5m For Data Breach – Official Tencent Loses $62bn, Wiping Out Value Of Fintech Business Aruwan said, “The Kaduna State Government is receiving security reports of kidnapping of some pupils and teachers in a primary school located in Rema, Birnin Gwari Local Government Area. According to preliminary reports, the incident occurred at an LEA Primary School in the LGA.” “The Kaduna State Government is currently obtaining details on the actual number of pupils and teachers reported to have been kidnapped and will issue a comprehensive statement as soon as possible.” In his reaction posted on his social media platforms, the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 general elections pointed out that with about 13.5 million children, the country is already the world headquarters for out of school kids. He explained that the nation must act decisively and excise this cancer of school abductions from our polity with clinically precise policies. Atiku wrote: “With the latest school abduction, I repeat my call for the FG to declare a state of emergency in the education sector and to post 24-hour armed guards at every school in the affected and neighbouring states. No expense must be spared to keep our schools safe.” “With 13.5 million children, Nigeria is already the world headquarters for out of school kids. This can only make things worse. It behoves on us as a nation to act decisively and excise this cancer of school abductions from our polity with clinically precise policies.” “We must also stop paying ransom at random. It is a short-term solution that will cause much long-term destruction. We must, as a nation, impose law and order now, or we will bequeath lawlessness and disorder to the next generation. And may God forbid that.”