Engr. Abednego Galadima, the President of the National Association of Aircraft Pilots and Engineers (NAAPE), in this interview with OLUSEGUN KOIKI , speaks on industry issues and how the association has helped to enhance the harmonious relationship in the sector. Excerpts: Recently, some of the unions in the industry complained that the pensions of their members working in some of the private organisations were not remitted appropriately. Sir, was the National Association of Aircraft Pilots and Engineers (NAAPE) affected by this development? The truth is most private operators in the system still owe our members pensions. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The unfortunate thing is that they deduct this money from their salaries, but they don’t remit to us. We want them to be sensitised and let them know that it is not the right step they are taking. By the time this money is accumulated, they won’t be able to pay again. So, we want the entire industry to know about this development. Also, the issue of redundancy payment at Aero Contractors has lingered on for too long and as you know, Aero is under receivership and they have rendered people redundant since 2016. Arik Air CEO Canvasses Priority Of Vaccination For Aviation Workers Emirates Skycargo Kicks Against Illegal Wildlife Trade We are still battling to see that our members are paid their entitlements. Already, the time value for money has been lost. We are calling on the Assets Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) to ensure that these monies are immediately paid so that these Nigerians will get on with their lives. No fewer than 50 of our members were affected by this redundancy in Aero. The total money I think so far is still being calculated because the management reneged on their promise to give every member a letter communicating to him or her what is due to them. So, we can’t give you a specific figure at the moment. NAAPE is always willing to support the growth and development of the industry, particularly, we advocated recently for the industry to be given some palliatives because we know we have a symbiotic relationship with the airline operators and other organisations in the industry. Once the airlines benefits, our members too will benefit from the system. The aviation industry is the only sector that we know. We want the industry under our watch to grow. What is your association doing about some of the pilots and engineers who were either sacked or directed to go on leave without pay by some of the indigenous airlines in the wake of the Covid-19 pandemic? Already, we have intervened in all the issues we had with the airlines in the past. For instance, in Bristow Helicopters, the company claimed that their business has dwindled and therefore, some of the staff including our members were declared redundant, but, they have paid all the affected staff who were our members all their outstanding. Also, in the case of Air Peace Airlines, as I speak with you today, the carrier has returned the staff salaries to the pre-Covid-19 pandemic. And then, they also gave an opportunity to those who want to come back to do so. Sometime last year, Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON), the umbrella body of indigenous airlines in the country reached an agreement with its members not to engage any pilot that is sacked by another airline; how far have you gone to resolve this impasse with the body? On that issue, if you recall at the National Assembly public hearing last year, I raised an issue, which caused a steer, but actually, it has yielded results because our members who were sacked by a particular airline are getting jobs in other airlines. We worked with the regulatory body; the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) and that has been overturned. Some of the pilots that left an Airline A for instance are now working in Airline B and others. There is migration. The simple reason is that we are in a competitive and free-market economy. So, you can’t stop people from moving. Again, NAAPE as a part of its strategies is already building bridges so that we can move with one voice in the sector. One such effort is the meeting that we are going to be holding on Monday (last week) with the leadership of AON. And some of those issues will still be fine-tuned through the meeting. We want industrial harmony where the workers and the employees will have peace in their relationship. NAAPE has made so much effort in moving the industry forward. Another worrying concern in the sector is the issue of expatriates who are taking over in the sector, what is NAAPE doing about this? Already, the issue of expatriates has reduced in the industry. So, far, the authority (NCAA) sees this concern through our lenses and it is yielding some good results. We used to have some issues in the oil and gas, but already, Caverton and Bristow Helicopters are complying. In the scheduled flights, it has also reduced because most of the aircraft fly Boeing 737 aircraft.