Pep Guardiola says his current side are the WORST Manchester City team of his five-year reign. But the Blues boss was not knocking down his side as they step up the chase for all four major trophies by flying to Budapest for the second leg of their Champions League clash with Borussia Monchengladbach – he was simply reminding them they have won nothing yet. The Blues have been in incredible form, winning 23 of their last 24 games in all competitions, including a 2-0 win over Gladbach in the first leg. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! That has heightened claim that City could do what no other English team has ever done, by winning all three domestic trophies and adding the elite European competition as the cherry on the cake. Guardiola was quick to slap down a claim by player Aleks Zinchenko that the dressing room is “hungry” for the unprecedented Quadruple. 8 Games Without Winning Unfortunate, Sunshine Stars Coach Laments Di Maria’s House Burgled During PSG Match But he agreed that the improvements in defence this season are a major boost to their hopes of progressing in Europe this season – after their last four Champions League campaigns were sunk in floods of conceded goals. Asked if this team offered City’s best chance to break their duck in the tournament, Guardiola was quick with a sharp reminder: “Right now, it (the team) is worse than the previous ones as those teams won the lot and they’ve won nothing this year,” he said. “We are waiting for results, titles we can lift, that’s why the previous Man City won and this team still have to prove it.” His dismissal of Zinchenko’s ambitious claims were a reflection of the one-game-at-a-time mantra that Guardiola has adopted. Zinchenko had said he could see the hunger in the eyes of the players when he looked around the dressing room, and Guardiola retorted: “I want them to be hungry to win tomorrow, their desire to win tomorrow but no further than that. “It normally happens when you win games, that helps the mood in the locker room, when the situation is bad there are injuries but when good there are few injuries. “Everyone is ready to play and that’s good and we are going to try until the end in this way.” But City have noticeably improved their defensive record in Europe, no conceding a goal since the opening stages of their first group game, at home to Porto. And Guardiola admitted that has been a significant advance: “Definitely so important, in the Champions League,” he said. “What we’ve done in the past is good but doesn’t mean it will happen tomorrow. Every game is different, let’s try to minimise the mistakes, we know how they punish us. “I have respect for (Gladbach manager) Marco (Rose), they have weapons and quality. I know their history but part of that is travelling there to win the game, I want to see them win the game.”