…As The University Graduates 1,298 ADO-EKITI- The founder of Afe Babalola University, Ado Ekiti (ABUAD), Aare Afe Babalola (SAN) has hinted that the management had paid over N120million as Customs Duties for medical equipment acquired by the institution. The legal icon made this known  on Monday at the  8th convocation ceremonies of the university held via virtual technology where a total of 1,298 students graduated from various departments . HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The founder lamented that the young private university was subjected to this huge financial burden by the customs department, inspite of the law exempting Medical and Education Equipments from customs tariffs. Said he, “Under the Law, Medical and Education equipment are exempted from the payment of Custom duties. However, on arrival of the medical equipment, Nigerian Customs subjected us to payment of Custom Duties. We protested but they refused and we have since been paying Custom Duties on these medical gifts.” Buhari Approves Establishment Of Federal Polytechnic, Orogun NANS To S/Governors: Food Blockade Wake Up Call To Diversify Local Economy “As at today, we have paid over N120 million as Custom duties on these medical gifts. We applied to the President who authorized reimbursement but the Ministry of Finance refused to pay up till now.” Speaking about the level of decadence in the country’s governance and leadership,  Babalola said: “Truly, this country has excellent and qualified medical and health practitioners but it is also true that our facilities fall below the requirement of World Health Organization (WHO). Nigeria became independent on October 1st, 1960 while India became independent on 15th August, 1947.” “Today, India is a Nuclear Power. It manufactures cars, Railway engines and coaches, hospital equipment and Aircrafts and it is one of the leading countries in the manufacture of vaccine, to the extent that it donates vaccine to Nigeria among many other countries.” “It is a shame that while India has navigated itself from the club of under-developed countries into the prestigious club of developed countries, Nigeria is battling daily with the ancient cattle open grazing system with the herder armed with AK47 to challenge anybody who prevent them from destroying their farms.” Babalola urged the federal government to refund a sum of N120 million paid in hospital equipment donated to his multisystem teaching hospital by international donors “As a way of supporting us, some philanthropists like Bridge of Life (BoL) of USA and Project C.U.R.E of Colorado, USA, donated expensive and modern medical equipment to our Hospital. Our only obligation was that we should pay for transportation to Nigeria.” Babalola appealed to the National Universities Commission(NUC) to grant admission quota to universities based on carrying capacities as obtainable in other nations. “In spite of the fact that NUC and other stakeholders appreciate that we are entitled to a commensurate increase in admission quota, the relevant authorities prefer to rely on the age of a University for increase in Admission Quota. This pedantic approach has affected the admission quota to your university in many areas.” Babalola urged the graduating students to  register and become committed members of ABUAD Alumni Association and to also plunge into profitable ventures that would help in developing the country’s debilitating economy. has described the cattle open grazing system causing clashes and bloodshed between herdsmen and farmers in the country as a sign of backwardness being experienced by Nigerian citizens due to bad leadership . On the recurrent  Farners -Herders Conflicts ,Babalola said it was shameful that such practice still exists in the 21st century when other countries that gained independence few years ahead of  Nigeria,like India, has assumed Nuclear power and manufacturing hospital equipment, automobiles and railway engines. The Legal Icon stated that for Nigeria to overcome some of its challenges, education would have to be accorded greatest priority it deserves, suggesting  that any education-related import must be exempted from the payment of excise duties.