Rui Patricio suffered a horror head injury in Wolves’ Premier League clash with Liverpool. The Portuguese shot-stopper ran out of his six-yard box to close down Reds striker Mohamed Salah at Molineux when he collided with his team-mate Conor Coady’s knee. There was a 13-minute delay as Patricio received treatment down on the pitch. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The goalkeeper appeared to be unconscious as he had an oxygen mask and neck brace fitted and was strapped to a backboard. Patricio was eventually taken off with John Ruddy coming on as his replacement. England Removes Portugal From Travel Red-List, Lifts Flight Ban Catholic Church Says Same-Sex Unions Not Valid Wolves had already made three changes against Liverpool, but Ruddy was allowed to come on as a concussion substitute. Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo confirmed the keeper is OK after the fixture and that he is conscious. “We just had an update now. He’s OK, he’s conscious, he remembers what happens. The doctor tells us he’s OK,” said Nuno. “It was a collision with Coady, I think the knee of Coady on the head, but he’s OK. “We’ve spoken already and thank god he’s OK. All these situations, when it’s a concussion in the head, gets all of us worried. But he’s OK and he’s going to recover.” Wolves striker Raul Jimenez suffered a fractured skull earlier in the season after he clashed heads with Arsenal centre-back David Luiz back in October 2020. Jimenez is still out of action for the Midlands side and was in attendance at Molineux on Monday as Liverpool ran out 1-0 winners thanks to a goal from former Wolves star Diogo Jota. After the game, Jota said: “Life is more important. I hope it’s nothing too serious and he has a quick recovery.” While Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp added: “It was an awful situation. I have spoken to Wolves staff, they are rather positive. It was a proper shock.” (SOURCE: Mirror UK)