WARRI – It is no longer news that facts are replete on how the Olodu­wa; host communities of OML 40 in Egbema kingdom Warri North L.G.A Delta State, are undu­ely suffering due to the failure of Nigerian Petroleum Development Company Ltd (NPDC), a subsidi­ary of the Nigerian National Pe­troleum Corporation (NNPC), and the Transnational Oil Companies to comply to the local content act (LCA) through the employment of qualified youths of the host com­munities. It would be recalled that the NPDC and Associate Operators in Oloduwa communities com­menced their operations some­time in 2013 till date without resort to drawing from the pool of human capital that is of high presence in the community. The practice, as observed by statehold­ers is a complete set back coupled with total lack or absence develop­mental infrastructures in the host Oloduwa communities being the operational vicinity. Comrade Mike J.K. Tiemo, the president of Egbema commu­nities Peace, Development, and Humanitarian Rights Associa­tion who threw insight to what the Oloduwa communities are passing through said there are no graduate employment opportuni­ty for the people since the coming of NPDC and its associates to the communities. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Tiemo, the group President disclosed that only non-skilled positions meant for casual work­ers, who are unfortunately laid off at the whims and caprices of the management on quarterly basis are reserved for the youths in the communities, adding that people who are engaged and fired without notice or working condition are truly no workers in the real sense of the demand by the communi­ties, since they not bound by em­ployment policy and engagement rule. Speaking further, he added; “In the whole of the Oloduwa commu­nities, which is OML 40, there are no youth, women training and em­powerment programme organised by the NPDC and her Associates; a fact that is indeed absurd. NDDC Substantive Board: Akpabio Appeals To South-South Governors For More Patience Ibori Already A Successful Businessman Before Becoming Delta Governor- ODU “The skewed practice, Tiemo explained “have brought much hardship on our people, hence we are crying out loud for those in the corridors of power to call the NPDC to order. Of more worrisome to him is that, “At the moment, the com­panies that have balkanized our ecosystem without thinking of a working instrument, are about to carry out fresh drilling activities which involves 9 oil wells, after which they will commence the drilling of over 20 more oil wells in the same Oloduwa communities with the periphery of a distance of 50 meters and 100 meters apart, which qualifies the communities as host communities in pursuant to the Nigerian oil and gas indus­try Content Development Act of 2010, specifically section 25, 26, 27, and 28. He affirmed that NPDC brought environmental and air pollution which are so dangerous and haz­ardous to the Oloduwa descen­dants, inhabitants or citizens. He reaffirmed that the deplor­able condition brought upon the Oloduwa communities as a result of gas flare is already at a very alarming level. He said, “The flare has unquantifiable negative effect with terminal disease deposited in the bodies of our people without access to medical attention. He lamented that the NPDC and Associates refused to grant the Oloduwa host communities access to University Scholarship opportunities to study in Nigeria or overseas, and emphasised the unpalatable story of NPDC hinted that they have no administrative office in any of the Oloduwa Com­munities where the company can sit in a round table to deliberate and take decision for the overall interest of all stakeholders. The group demanded that the NPDC should build or establish a Zonal Administrative office at any of the Oloduwa communities in line with Local content act as it is wrong for such a corporate body to stay in make shift caravans in­stead of a well-organized office. The unarguably piqued activist added that what the company is doing tantamount to total neglect of the Corporate Social Responsi­bility (CSR) of NPDC and all her associates. Against the foregoing back­drop, he remarked: “In the light of the above, particularly on non-compliance, we drew the attention of State and FG under the auspices of the Egbema Com­munities Peace, Development and Humanitarian Rights Asso­ciation, the NPDC and Associates were invited but they refused to appear before the House of Reps Committee at Abuja on the 25th Feb, 2021. Bishop Dr. Pinawei the group vice president who also added his voice to the issue posited that the persistent marginalisation of the Oloduwa communities is an affront taken too far, and not­ed that the Oloduwa communi­ties are running out of patience and the situation could lead to a breakdown of law and order if no mediatory measures are taken to address the unfair labour policy of NPDC in Oloduwa land. Pinawei emphasised that it is clear and obvious that the non-compliance of NPDC and her Associates is a denial of the collective rights of the people of Oloduwa communities being the host and the operational commu­nities of the oil majors. He insisted that the Oloduwa communities cannot continue to live like deers in a patched land, adding that; “The refusal of NPDC to get a working in­strument have ensured that the Oloduwa communities become weaker as they find no more life in the onetime rich ecosystem of the rain forest where Oloduwa communities are situated. “We are strongly against the untoward attitude of the trans­national companies who are the accomplices of NPDC, Bishop Dr. Pinawei said. “The ecosystem and community life were natu­rally very friendly until the oil majors came to invade the once serene environment and turned it to a hazard zone, yet, the NPDC is not willing to be at the same page with the host communi­ties”. The bishop who further frowned at the NPDC position in Oloduwa communities said; What NPDC is doing to the Oloduwa communities is a dis­service to them and unpatriotic to the Nigerian nation as the ac­tion undermines the collective destiny of a group of people who are critical stakeholders in Proj­ect Nigeria. He maintained that the estab­lishment of a working instru­ment by NPDC with Oloduwa communities is an idea whose time has come, and quoted Gen­eral Fidel Castro of Cuba, now of blessed memory, that “No Army can stop an idea whose time has come”. Engr. Dr. Gabriel Ofefegha from Tsekelewu, one of the Oloduwa communities in Egbema Kingdom who also spoke about the criminal neglect of the Oloduwa communi­ties by NPDC and her Associates in OML 40 OPuama flow station operation said: The skewed labour Policy of NPDC and her associates if not checked, will lead the Olodu­wa communities to find a constitu­tional measure to proffer solution so that justice can prevail. Ofefegha explained that the Oloduwa communities lack drinkable water, lack electricity as NPDC refused to step down or establish a gas turbine to supply electricity since there is no nation­al grid in that riverine locality. According to him, the women who are supposed to be empow­ered through the supply of foods to the workers at project sites since the commencement of the flow station are denied the oppor­tunity till date. He recalled that since the pres­ence of the oil majors in Oloduwa communities all that was pleasant about the fauna is gone, that the people cannot recover from the negative effect of environmental pollution and its hazardous im­pact unless there is a deliberate and concerted effort to carry out genuine remediation by the FG through the oil majors. Since there is no fishing as the rivers are polluted, no farm­ing, no tapping of rafia palm, no carving of canoes, people are denied the opportunity of origi­nally obtaining their daily bread from the habitat that was once bubbling with life and the NPDC management has been astonish­ingly watching without showing empathy towards the need of the people whose livelihood they have jeopardised. According to him, “It is a sad tale that the suffering of the Oloduwa communities and its inhabitants means nothing to NPDC, the oil merchants, and for my Egbema people I weep”. To this end, group president, Comrade Mike Tiemo, expressed displeasure over the neglect and marginalisation of Oloduwa com­munities and call on all relevant authorities and stakeholders for a quick intervention and save the people for justice and tranquility to prevail. As gathered by DAILY IN­DEPEDNENT, the instrument of state under the control of the people in government must be brought to bear to right the wrong of the people in the host communities who are suffering from massive exploitation and exploration activities by NPDC and other oil majors. It is expe­dient to note at this juncture that all the respondents that parleyed with DAILY INDEPENDENT were of the unanimous in their responses that the earlier the gov­ernment do something about the myriads of complaints, the better. They warned that it is not wise to allow the yoke of exploration and exploitation to be upon the host communities, and added that it is wrong for the host communities to be left at the mercy of the petrol dollars merchants, who believes that they have no affinity with the host communities.