Jos- Plateau state Governor Simon Lalong alongside his Deputy, Professor Sonni Gwanle Tyoden were on Monday administered with AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccines at Government House Clinic. The Governor’s wife, Regina Lalong and other top government officials of the state took turn to take their vaccination at the event. Lalong in his speech shortly after being vaccinated, said ” Today marks another important milestone in our fight against the Corona Virus Pandemic which has negatively impacted our lives in many ways. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to him, the commencement of the administration of the first doses of the AstraZeneca vaccine today is a clear progress in tackling the disease in Plateau State. Lalong said “As I promised severally, I am the first to take the vaccine in Plateau State not only because I am the Governor, but because of the need to show example and reassure the citizens that there is nothing to fear about the vaccine.” Anambra 2021: Okonkwo Picks PDP Governorship Nomination Form Kogi Rep Urges Gov Wike To Join 2023 Presidential Race Under PDP Lalong added that he was aware of the conspiracy theories being propagated by some people particularly in the social media aimed at discouraging people from accepting the vaccines. He said “Although this is almost a common pattern associated with the introduction of many vaccines in history, there is yet to be any scientific evidence of foul play on the COVID-19 vaccines being introduced.” “It is important to note that the vaccine had been approved by the European Medicines Agency and the World Health Organization based on global clinical trials involving 23,000 participants. In addition, Nigerian regulatory such as NAFDAC evaluated the vaccines upon arrival in the country. All of these evaluations have concluded that the AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine is safe and effective.” “That is why even before we received our first consignment of the vaccines totaling 105,600 doses, the Government began preparations for the smooth storage, distribution and administration of the vaccines across the 17 Local Government Areas. “For the first phase, we have designated 102 locations where the vaccines will be administered in all the Local Government Areas of Plateau State. Those to be covered are frontline health workers, and those on essential duties. Governor Lalong further stressed that the second phase will capture the elderly (50 years and above) and people with underlying illnesses. Every other eligible person will be captured in the third phase. We hope to increase the vaccination centres in the State to about 700 in subsequent phases. “That is why I and my Deputy Governor, the Speaker, Chief Judge, traditional and religious leaders, as well as heads of medical institutions in the State are taking the first doses to show that there is nothing sinister about the vaccine.” This is more so when the vaccine supply to cover the entire population will come gradually and not at once. We have to continue to keep ourselves safe and also safeguard others. Lalon hoped that while we are continuing with this vaccination, NAFDAC will give approval to the submission by the Plateau State COVID-19 Medical Research Team so that we can have our homegrown remedy for containing the pandemic “I wish us all a successful vaccination exercise and look forward to taking the second dose free of the vaccine to complete the process”, Lalong stressed.