Abuja- The leadership of the Senate has mandated the National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) to do more to breach the gap in Nigeria’s position in the digital cum data-driven economy to reposition the country towards benefitting from the global digital economy valued at $11 trillion. The Upper Chamber of the National Assembly lamented that despite the country’s huge population and potentials, it is still lagging in the international race for digital economic optimization and value balancing. The Senate conveyed its concern in Abuja when the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Media and Public Affairs, Senator Ajibola Basiru, engaged in an interface with the Director-General of the National Information Development Agency (NITDA). HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The Red Chamber underscored the role of Information Communication Technology (ICT) in driving innovative growth and stability in the economy, even as it urged NITDA to fast track the process of making the country an innovative one. It however expressed its commitment to speedily considering the proposed amendments of relevant sections of the 2007 Act establishing the Agency, adding that the 9th Assembly would provide the required legislations that will fast track the Digitalization of the Nation’s economy. Private: Former Speaker Bankole To Join APC –  Official Dimeji Bankole Joins APC, Meets Gov Buni , Badaru “The Senate, in particular, is impressed with the progress this agency is making in getting Nigeria fully on board as far as the digital economy is concerned. ” This to the Senate is a welcome development at this time of diversification process from mono-product economy to multi-sectoral one. “We shall be happy if the required technology is made available in enhancing productivity in the Agricultural sector because no society can be secured without food sufficiency for its populace, the Senate spokesman said. In his remarks, the Director-General of NITDA, Mallam Kashifu Inuwa, disclosed that that data and not oil is the new global normal, which is driving leading economies across the globe. According to him, “as far as the digital economy in the world is concerned, which is valued at $11trillion, Nigeria despite its huge population and potentials, is lagging.” He revealed that “digital economy and not the mono-product one being run in the country, is what Nigeria must key into and which the agency with the support of its supervising ministry, is facilitating for the country through required innovations and technology.” The Agency according to the DG has created a Centre for Robotics and Artificial Intelligence to equip 20,000 young Nigerians with requisite capacity in technology. This is as he added that “economy in the world is going or has gone digital, which is presently valued at $11trillion. But out of 616 digital cum data-driven firms running the digital economy, while 256 are based in the United States of America, 204 in China, 26 in the United Kingdom, 21 in India, 12 in Germany etc, only two each, are in South Africa and Nigeria.” A situation he described as “not good, going by population and potentials the country is blessed with.” To breach the gap, Inuwa is convinced that “the 2007 Act upon which the agency operates after its establishment in 2001 needs to be amended by giving it the required powers in the area of regulations of ICT operations in the country particularly as regards the ability to deal with issues as they arise in the digital sector.” “Our target objective upon the availability of enabling laws is making Nigeria the hub of innovations in the African continent. Even some Universities in the country are already keying into the digital world by substituting courses at PhD level on Oil and Gas for Data Science and Artificial Intelligence” he added.