Gov. Abdullahi Sule of Nasarawa, has assured the youth and people of the state of his administration’s commitment to good governance to improve their living standards. Sule gave the assurance on Saturday in Nassarawa Eggon at the inauguration of a continutiy bill board in his honour and three others. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the continuity bill board was constructed by Peace and Unity group of All Progressives Congress (APC). HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The APC, Nassarawa Eggon Local Government Area (LGA), constructed the board in honour of the governor, Sen. Godiya Akwashiki, Alhaji Mohammed Muluku and Alhaji Danlami Idris, Executive Chairman of Nassarawa Eggon Local Government Council. The governor, represented by his Commissioner for Special Duties and Legal Matters, Alhaji Abubakar Imam, appreciated the APC youths for constructing the bill in their honour. Ogun Monarch Writes Off National Border Commission Trailer damages 3 flyover bridges on Lagos -Ibadan expressway Sule urged the youth and people of the state to continue to support his government to succeed. He advised the people to live in peace, be law abiding, respect constituted authorities and be their brother’s keepers for the overall development of the state. Also speaking, Akwashiki also thanked the group for drumming support for him beyond 2023. The lawmaker, also the Chairman, Senate Committee on Employment, Labour and Productivity, assured the people of his senatorial district of infrastructure development. ” I will continue to change your lives positively by providing infrastructure to communities across my senatorial district. ” I also want to assure you of quality representation in order to improve on your standard of living and for the overall development of the state,” he said. The senator urged the youth and other people of his senatorial district to be law abiding and support government policies and programmes to enjoy more dividends of democracy. Muluku, also the Chief Whip of the House appreciated the youth for recognising his contributions and assured them of more dividends of democracy. The lawmaker promised to assist the group and others in their quest toward preaching the message of the party and to improve on their standard of living. Earlier, Mr Abbas Hamisu, APC Chairman of Peace and Unity, Nassarawa Eggon LGA, said that they constructed the bill board to drum support for the politicians beyond 2023 considering their efforts in changing the lives of the people positively. Hamisu promised that the group would continue to support and mobilise for Sule, Akwashiki, Muluku, Idris and other APC leaders to succeed. ( NAN)