Commercial and private transportation plays a strategic and critical role in economic development of nations which Nigeria is inclusive. Commercial transportation is particularly a key economic activity that is responsible for the actual movements of socio-economic and political activities for the overall attainment of meaningful developments. The increased mobility of people, products, and raw materials, goods and services leads to the development of new economies. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Nigeria as a country that relies on roads as a sole means of transportation, accounting for about 90% of the total means of movements in the country, needs to give adequate attention to the state of the variables that makes for effective and safe road transportation. Vehicles are the major variable used in road transportation and it is therefore, very important that regular maintenance is carried out on them before they become problematic. Traffic Gridlocks Mars Progress Of Work On Lagos-Abeokuta Expressway Ikpeazu Commissions First Abia Computerised Vehicle Inspection Centre As important as these vehicles are in the development of any nation, they become problematic when not properly maintained. However, vehicle maintenance poses serious financial challenges to the owners, whether for individuals, corporate, commercial operators and for the government, especially in a country with a poor par capital income like Nigeria, which gave rise to serious apprehensions among motorists when the Federal Road Safety Corps, (FRSC), in a recent announcement, said, it will begin to arrest and penalise operators of rickety vehicles, especially commercial vehicles who are the most visible on the roads and primarily the bulk carrier of the traffic on the roads. According to the announcement from Bisi Kazeem, Corp Public Education Officer, FRSC, said, it will commence an immediate clampdown on rickety vehicles plying the country’s roads. He said: “The clampdown is an integral part of rejigged efforts of the Corps in the year 2021 to further reduce road traffic crashes across the country”. He also stated that the operation which will be conducted nationwide forms part of the Corps’ commitment towards enhancing the tempo of its operational activities, and creating a safer motoring environment in the country in view of inherent traffic hazards associated with abandoned broken down vehicles especially at night. He also emphasised that severe punishment awaits anyone apprehended using such vehicles, including impoundment of the vehicle, payment of fines and compulsory road safety education. Kazeem highlighted the health, safety, and economic benefits of regular vehicle maintenance, if drivers and vehicle owners will adhere to the constant maintenance of their vehicles. The apprehension of motorists stems from the stifling cost of vehicle maintenance in the country today, the announcement, however, brought to the fore the need for the constant maintenance of vehicles plying our roads, if safe, efficient and reliable road transport service delivery is our goal as a nation. Despite the important role played by the vehicle in the transportation of goods and passengers, it is saddening to see however, that many of the vehicles plying our roads are not adequately maintained in proportion to the use many of them are put into. Abisogun Ajinna, Managing Director, A.A. Transporters Ltd., while speaking on the challenges facing transporters in the country, said: “The transportation industry in Nigeria is plagued by many challenges due to poor planning, poor road networks and condition, scarce funds, corruption and defective policies, insufficient vehicle fleets, and so forth, leading to the untimely wear and tear of our trucks. Our vehicles daily ply poorly constructed, and poorly maintained roads with potholes and many unpaved road sections which create inherent hazards. This negatively impacts vehicle reliability, resulting in repetitive vehicle breakdowns with an attendant increase in maintenance cost. To ensure vehicle reliability, corporations need to dedicate a sizable amount of their budget towards vehicle maintenance and overhaul. Foreign Exchange (FOREX) issue is a recurrent problem in Nigeria due to FOREX scarcity and price fluctuations. Currently, one US dollar is around 480 Naira. This makes vehicle spare parts very expensive, and as a result of the high cost, most of the cars and trucks imported into the country are fairly-used, and they are rarely brand new. This implies that a good percentage of the service life of the vehicle is used up before arrival in Nigeria, and upon arrival into the country, deterioration sets in due to many factors and realities of the Nigerian society.” Abisogun added. Ajinna took me to his company’s private garage to show me the current state of most of his trucks, where a number of run-down and abandoned trucks, with the tyres of some of the vehicles already removed, and the chassis supported by stone slabs. He revealed that most are in this position owing to the high costs of spare parts, high maintenance cost and excessive. He added that, oftentimes, he uses parts of these broken trucks to maintain those on the roads, while some the parts, such as headlights, tyres, batteries and so forth have been stolen by the same mechanics coming to work for him. Commercial trucks travel thousands of kilometres with heavy loads every day, and this journey is most times under severe conditions, causing them to breakdown at some spots for weeks, with the driver and driver assistant sleeping in, or around the truck to protect the cargo until the truck is fixed. Often the needed technical assistance, funds and or spare parts is coordinated from the office of the logistic company which is in one state, while the broken down truck is in another. The repair process is sometimes slow and this can lead to cargo theft and product damage for perishable goods. “I, therefore, paid a visit to the Ladipo Motor Parts Market, here in Lagos, to conduct research on the average cost of the various parts of a Toyota vehicle and a Mazda truck, where I met with Engineer Horward Sylvanus, Principal Partner, Horay Auto Engineering Services Nig. Limited, in his office in Ladipo, who said: “Since January the cost motor spare parts have risen to about 40% increment and this is the trend in almost every three months since the covid 19 pandemic started, and the steady rise of the dollar.” Engineer Sylvanus gave the current prices of spare parts as follows; “AC Compressor: N25,000, previous price N15,000; AC Dryer (All Cars) 1990-2015 Model: N3,700.00, previous price N1,700; AC Hose (All Cars): N3,000.00, previous price N1,000; AC Thermostat (All Cars): N4,000.00, previous price N1,500 A set of new shock-absorbers of Toyota Camry which sold for N40, 000 early last year, is now over N90,000, and we hardly get patronage; A brand new tyre now sells up to N46,000 as against N35,000 last year, while an average truck tyre goes for as much as N250, 000.” Sylvanus enumerated. Engineer Ayo Moseyi, who is also a senior partner in the company said: “Maintenance is the work done in order to prolong the service life of equipment, especially vehicles, which can develop faults without prior notice, requiring unscheduled maintenance, without which you could suffer loss of income or permanent damages. To avoid this we have what we call predictive or preventive maintenance. “In this type of maintenance there is planned components repair or replacement such as pre-trip inspection, post trip inspection, regular oil changes, and grease job. “Preventive maintenance is a proactive replacement of parts combined with regular adjustment and lubrication of moving structures that will reduce premature component wear and failure”. Moseyi further explained that: “Auto parts involved in preventive maintenance includes Engine Oil, it is very important that manufacturer recommended oil service is adhered to strictly, in order to avoid problems, ensuring that different oil types should not be mixed in the engine. Fuel Filters should be checked and changed as required by service recommendation. Oil requires to be changed in accordance with manufacturers’ recommendation”. Abayomi Adele, Chief Operating Officer, Coolgas Logistics and Freight Forwarders, said: “The quality and standard of spare parts used for vehicle maintenance in this country is of the lowest quality, the skill to do the job and do it well by so called mechanics and engineers is absent and above all is the high financial implication required for quality maintenance of vehicles is another source of pain. “I will like to state that engine oil is what keeps the vehicle power house moving. It is also certain that an obsolete oil or an under rated oil will kill the engine very fast and reduce performance to a wasteful level. It is actually unbelievable that 92% of the engine oil that is available in Nigeria are either under rated for the engines or the engine oil is absolutely obsolete and sold at the same rate as imported engine oils. “My questions are, why are the big brand oil makers not producing the oil rate as demanded by vehicle manufacturers, why is the umbrella union of these oil producers allowing the production of under rated oil for Nigerian vehicles, and why is Nigeria Standard Organization not raiding the market to get rid of obsolete rated oil?” Abayomi desperately asked.