Nweke Anwulika Tonia is the CEO of three thriving businesses: PT Cosmetics, T Kitchen and Frames By PT. In this exclusive interview with TOMI FALADE, the sultry chef, cosmetic merchant, interior decorator cum potential actress, who hails from Ika North-East, in Agbor, Delta State, sheds light on what it takes to be a young female entrepreneur. Can you recall how your foray into entrepreneurship happened? It just happened; I needed to start up a business just like other women out there because I wanted to be an independent woman. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! How has the entrepreneurship experience been so far? I can say it’s tough, sometimes I want to give up, but I didn’t. Fallout Of #Choosetochallenge: Women Say 50% Representation Not Enough In 2023 DIYMA Celebrates Top Yoruba Nollywood Stars What is your driving force? I always refuse to stop. I refused to give up basically because the people who started before me are still there. You are a chef, cosmetic merchant and interior decorator, how did this happen? I was doing the chef business before I ventured into interior decoration. I started my interior decoration business because I didn’t want to have only one business. I have a passion for designs too. Between interior decoration and being a chef, which would you say is more lucrative? Interior decoration because interiors are more expensive. How do people perceive interior decoration in Nigeria, expensive, cheap, necessary, or mere luxury? People perceive it as expensive luxury. I mean, if you want a very good and quality interior, you should know it will cost you a lot of money, but they last longer and they are luxurious. How are you able to convince potential clients to buy into the idea of interior decoration? I sell most of them on my social media. I post, they like it and buy them. I don’t really talk too much to sell interiors. It’s a very nice business and I enjoy it. Which do you enjoy doing more, cooking, or interior designing? Both actually, and I also enjoy my cosmetics business as well. You recently showed interest in the film industry, what triggered your flare for acting? I just want people to see that I can do that as well. I acted when I was in secondary school and in church drama shows. How prepared are you for the reported sexual harassment that occurs with some movie producers, directors, and fellow male actors? I’m not ready to sleep with any producer or director for a script. I was recently in Asaba for a movie shoot, but I had to come back to Lagos because the foolish producer was demanding sex. How did you feel about that experience? I felt bad and I was surprised. As a very attractive lady, how do you feel when the opposite sex pays a lot of attention to parts of your body? I don’t pay attention at all because I don’t need to pay attention to everyone who admires my body. I feel shy sometimes though. Where do you see yourself in the next five years? I see myself as one of the biggest, well known, top entrepreneurs in Africa. What is your strategy to achieve this feat? It’s simple, hard work. How do you juggle between being a cosmetic merchant, chef and interior decorator? I create time for each; also, I have my assistant here who helps me. What’s your perception of the Nigerian movie industry? I think Nollywood is doing well, they are doing what they really have to do, and I respect each and every one of them. You recently revealed that you have plans to participate in the next edition of Big Brother Naija reality TV show. Why is that? If I have the opportunity, I want to participate in the next edition because I like the idea of the show. Participating in the show will bring more opportunities for my businesses. Do you think the show has positively impacted on the Nigerian youths since its debut? Yes, it has brought a very good impact and opportunities; endorsements and all. What are the challenges of being a serial entrepreneur? Delegating duties, cash flow and time management.