ADO-EKITI- The Chairman, State Emergency Management Agency (SEMA), Capt. Sunday Adebomi (rtd), has admonished Ekiti residents to cultivate the habit of planting trees to curtail the adverse effect of rainstorm . The SEMA Boss who  gave this advice while inspecting communities affected by the recent  rainstorm disclosed tha trees would serve as shelter belts during storms. He  said the affected households were taken refuge at the neighbouring  communities. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! In a related development, not less  than 20 hectares of cocoa and Kolanut plantations had been  gutted by a midnight inferno in Isan-Ekiti, hometown of Governor  Kayode Fayemi . The SEMA boss , who also visited the ravaged  farm sites located along Ipere-Ekiti road, described the fire disaster as unfortunate. Education Remains Pivotal Factor In Achieving Any Meaningful Development In Any Society- Tambuwal NGO Urges Probe Into $1Billion Missing Arms Fund The SEMA boss said: “The Governor of Ekiti State, Dr Kayode Fayemi was particularly happy that   no life was lost during the  storm, which affected about 200 houses in this town. We learnt over 1,000 residents had been displaced already. “We are here to assess the level of destruction by the storm which was a  mystery. The present administration in Ekiti State under the leadership of Dr Fayemi would do everything within its capacity to ameliorate the plights of the victims. “The government  commiserates with the victims and I advise our people to as a matter  of urgency  embark on the planting of trees in their environment. The move would further avoid future occurrence of such an unfortunate incident”. A community leader and  victim, Mr. Oladipo Isaac,  lamented that more than 200 buildings were affected by the heavy rainstorm, which had rendered many homeless. He said: ” as  you can see many houses including schools  and churches had been blown off. We appeal  to the government and and public spirited individuals to come to the aid of our community. This kind of disaster is happening for the first time since I was born 75 years ago in this community”. He promised that the government is making  frantic efforts to compile the names of affected farmers and see how they can be compensated. A community leader in Isan town, Chief Ray Akin-Oguntosin, said the fire affected Cocoa, Kolanut, orange and coffee plantations and had rendered farmers in the town jobless. “We appeal to  both the  Federal and Ekiti state governments to come to the aid of the community over the disaster”, saying the move would bring succour to the victims . “We have  contacted the relevant state and federal authorities to come to the aid of our people  and I also appeal to the indigenes of the town both  at home and in the  diaspora to come home and help their people”.