As the 2020 full year financial results continue to roll in, it has been ob­served that despite the good results released by the banks so far they are still struggling for growth. Experts are worried that these re­sults are not impacting on growth for the banks because of several regula­tory pressures, especially the 65 per­cent Loans-to-Deposit-Ratio (LDR) which is silently putting pressure on them. The LDR represents the percentage or proportion of a bank’s total money deposit that it must statutorily give out to the private sector as loan. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! There are mounting concerns over the increase in banks’ toxic assets and the potential bubble from Loan-to-Deposit-Ratio (LDR) as a result of the weak econ­omy exacerbated by the COVID-19-induced lock­down. Experts believe that the Central Bank of Nigeria’s (CBN) 65 percent LDR policy has shored up Non-Perform­ing Loans (NPLs) of deposit money banks (DMBs) from 5.88 percent at the end of No­vember 2020 to 6.01 percent at the end of December 2020, -20 percent above the prudential maximum threshold of 5.0 percent. England Removes Portugal From Travel Red-List, Lifts Flight Ban Rui Patricio Stretchered Of After Suffering Head Injury During Wolves’ Loss To Liverpool Though the LDR has re­sulted in significant growth in credit to various sectors from N15.57 trillion to N19.33 trillion between May 2019 and August 2020, an increase of N3.77 trillion, this has also led to severe non-performing loans (NPLs) concerns. Analysts at CSL Stock­brokers Limited said the CBN’s 65 percent minimum LDR policy and its policy re­stricting individuals, PFAs and corporates to Nigerian Treasury Bills (NT-Bills), fixed deposits, and FGN bonds resulted in a signifi­cant decline in asset yields for banks. They said: “With rates still at historic lows, we expect only a marginal im­provement in yields as the year progresses. “We expect improvement in non-interest income as banks strive to increase transaction volumes follow­ing CBN’s revised fee guide on electronic transactions which took effect in 2020.” Banks were allowed to restructure most of their loans, deferring principal re­payments for borrowers who faced cash flow challenges due to COVID-19. Without the forbearance, the non-performance ratios of the banks could have been worse than the six percent. But when banks become so desperate to avoid CBN sanctions, the lending cul­ture gets adulterated and compromised, except the banks put adequate risk management frameworks in place. Therefore, banks were urged to implement the LDR with caution not to drive banks into accommodating non-bankable borrowing proposals that could spell doom for the economy in the nearest future. The analysts stated that aggressive lending had con­tributed to the banking cri­ses of the 1950s, 1990s, and 2007/2009 in Nigeria. They, however, argued that access to credits alone would not transform the economy without first creating the enabling environment for business and investment. They said a loan on its own is an enabler but must be completed by a healthy op­erating environment, ease of doing business, infrastruc­tural facilities for the lend­ing banks, the borrowing entities and individuals and the economy as a whole to harness the benefits. When all these are not available, the loans may go down the drain. This has been the experienced in Ni­geria. Segun Ajibola, Professor of Economics at Babcock University, said the increase in NPL from the official fig­ure of 5.88 percent to 6.01 percent between November 20 and January 21 was a re­flection of the challenging times. He said provisions for NPL are charged against bank profits and they affect banks’ profit and perfor­mance negatively. “The issue in recent times is the debit of the shortfall in the mandatory lending of 65 percent of deposits imposed on deposit money banks by the apex bank. Any shortfall in the 65 percent is debited against the bank by CBN. “In an attempt to beat the target, banks may begin to accommodate unbankable borrowing proposals, there­by compromising credit policies, rules and regula­tions. The consequences, in the long run, include toxic assets, high loan loss provi­sions with adverse impact on shareholders’ funds. “This has led to desper­ation for lending by banks with the likely long-term ad­verse consequences on the quality of the loan portfolio of banks. It will also have a negative impact on banks shareholders’ funds. “COVID-19 has affected many businesses and bank borrowers and constrained their ability to meet repay­ment obligations to their banks. The harsh operating environment and recent reg­ulatory push for growth in bank loans are contributory factors.” Experts have also argued that if the government failed to provide a favourable busi­ness environment that would boost performance in the real sector and sustain eco­nomic growth, there could be a build-up of toxic loans, which could eventually en­gender distress syndrome in the banking industry. Stephen Iloba, a La­gos-based economist, said what we currently have is loan growth not real banks’ growth. He said: “The way our banks are structured now, we may not see real growth but they will still be making profits. “The LDR policy is not favourable to them. Real growth is when you see banks in the country compet­ing with their peers in Africa. “I want to see a Nigerian bank funding big projects across the continent and even in the country. What they do now is to ensure that their shareholders get dividends at the end of a fi­nancial year.”