The Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR), Enugu Field Office has sealed eight petrol stations in Enugu for dispensing Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) above the approved government pump price. This was disclosed by the Head, Operations, Mr Afam Azuike disclosed on Monday while speaking with Journalists in Enugu on Monday. According to him, the sealing of the defaulting petrol stations followed a public outcry over the weekend that petroleum marketers had arbitrarily increased the pump price PMS. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He said that the field office on Monday embarked on an aggressive surveillance in Enugu metropolis during which they inspected 29 petrol stations. He said “We discovered that the major marketers sold between N162 and N175. They complained about the cost of the product at the depot as well as the freight charges from Lagos to Enugu. Data Protection: NITDA Fines Electronics Coy N5m For Data Breach – Official Tencent Loses $62bn, Wiping Out Value Of Fintech Business “We are aware that government has not increased the price band of PMS which is on partial deregulation. “The current price band is cost reflective, taking into cognizance the international cost of crude oil and cost of importation of refined products,” he said. He said that eight petrol stations were sealed in the course of the operation but three out of the sealed stations eventually reverted to the government approved price and were reopened. He said that the five that refused to revert would remain sealed and be sanctioned in line with the default regulations. Azuike said that they discovered that several petrol stations were under lock and key, adding “we do not know whether they have products or not but the surveillance will continue. “We noticed that there was panic buying of PMS in Enugu over the weekend but after this surveillance there will be free flow of products in the state. “We want residents of the state to know that there is no fuel scarcity in the state,” he said. He thereby enjoyed commuters not to play into the hands of greedy petroleum marketers and to report anyone selling above the approved pump price. “No one should be compelled to buy PMS above the approved pump price. Our office is always open and if you report defaulters we will swing into action,” he said. It could be recalled that there has been an increase in the pump price of PMS in the state since last weekend as some petroleum marketers sold as high as N210 per litre.