…As Governor Urges Speed Damaturu- Borno State Governor, Babagana Umara Zulum on Tuesday met with the officials of the Transmission Company of Nigeria (TCN), Bauchi zonal office to receive updates of the ongoing repair work to restore electricity to Maiduguri. Briefing the Governor, Zonal General Manager, TCN, Engr. Ganiyu Aliyu said, the repair work have reached 75% completion stage and the remaining part will be completed very soon. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Recall that the electricity transmission tower linking Maiduguri and Damaturu have been destroyed on 26th of January by insurgents, which caused disruption of supply to Maiduguri Metropolis and environs. While extending appreciation for their determination and effort, Zulum urged the TCN workers to redouble efforts in obtaining all the necessary technical requirements and restore the damaged parts back to normalcy. Nigeria Police Not Sincere About The Security Of Nigerians –Gani Adams Nigerians Shouldn’t Expect Improvement From New Service Chiefs –Oseni Zulum had conveyed to TCN, the assurance from the security operatives to ensure 24 hour surveillance to protect the staffs as well as the infrastructure during and after the repair work. The Governor also directed the state ministry of housing and energy to provide all the necessary support to the field workers to connect Maiduguri back to the national grid as soon as possible. Zulum extends his appreciation and appealed to the people of Borno state to continue exercising patience in respect of the problem associated with the blackout that caused water scarcity in the state capital. He assured that government is doing all within its power to find lasting solution to the problem. “I wish to extend my profound appreciation to the good people Borno state, for their considerable maturity, patience in the face of the blackout occasioned by the destruction of electricity transmission line.” “I want to assure the people, that the state government and the management of TCN had in a concerted effort drawn all our attention to ensure proper and adequate repair of the damage done to supply lines with the urgency it deserved”, Zulum said.