Awka- Wife of the Governor of Anambra State and founder of the charity organization, Caring Family Enhancement Initiative (CAFE), Dr (Mrs) Ebelechukwu Obiano, has said that the observance of the Mothering Sunday by Mothers Union of the Anglican Communion provides an opportunity for healthy communication and bonding in families, especially at this period of the Coronavirus pandemic which had stretched both individuals and families to elastic limit. Mrs. Obiano made this observation in a message she sent out in commemoration of the Special day in honour of Mothers of the Church of Nigeria, Anglican Communion. In the Statement which was released on her behalf by the Deputy Chief Press Secretary to Anambra State Governor, Mr. Emeka Ozumba, the Governor’s wife urged Anglican Mothers to use the event to gather as a family to rekindle and share love that necessarily strengthen the bonds of unity. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to Mrs Obiano the challenges of the past one year exercerbated by the advent of the Covid-19 pandemic created artificial distances within families and among relatives thus making the burden of health and physical distance harder to bear. She noted that even with the gradual improvement in health conditions and availability of Coronavirus vaccine, there is still need for caution by everyone in order to ensure that no one derails from the ultimate goal of safety for all. She urged mothers to advise their children to remain committed to the precautionary measures and to adhere strictly to the COVID-19 requirements until health professionals advise otherwise. Continuing, Mrs Obiano called on the Mothers Union to see the increasing cases of divorce among young couples as a challenge which can be addressed through healthy and frank communication with our children at home to ensure that they make the right choices and also understand that marriage is a marathon journey in art of love not a speed chase by the restless. Education Remains Pivotal Factor In Achieving Any Meaningful Development In Any Society- Tambuwal NGO Urges Probe Into $1Billion Missing Arms Fund While wishing the Anglican Mothers a happy Mothering Sunday, she equally commended them for steadfastness in prayers for peace and unity within families and the nation at large.