ABUJA – The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has been urged to investigate the activities of the Ebonyi State government over allegations of financial impropriety and lack of accountability in the management of the state finances. The Chairman of the Commission, Abdulrasheed Bawa, has also been asked to intervene in the unjust and illegal detention of Barrister Ifeanyi Nworie- a native of Ezza South Local Government Area in the Abakaliki prison for criticizing the policies of the state government. A non-governmental group, Association of Ebonyi State Indigenes in the Diaspora (AESID), also urged the new anti-graft Czar, Bawa and the Independent Corrupt Practices Commission (ICPC) to beam their searchlights on petitions of corruption against persons in the state government with a view to bringing those culpable to book. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “We say this because we know that looting and misappropriation of public funds has taken deep place in Ebonyi since 2015 through his use of the new concrete pavement technology as an official conduit pipe for milking our State’s meagre resources,” the group said. The group gave the charge while condemning what it called “abandonment of Ezza natives in Okaleru, Ezza North Local Government Area of the state who have remained displaced from their ancestral homes since February 2020 due to the construction of the Ebonyi International Cargo Airport.” New NSCDC Boss Assures Personnel Better Times El-Rufai Urges Operators Of Almajiris Schools To Relocate In a statement on Tuesday in Abuja, the President of the group, Ambassador Pascal Oluchchukwu, who called for immediate release of the lawyer, accused the erstwhile EFCC Boss, Ibrahim Magu, of foot-dragging in attending to issues pertaining communities in the state. He said, “The Commission under the former leadership have been foot-dragging in probing several petitions emanating from Ebonyi state pending before it to the surprise and chagrin of many. “We, however appreciate the efforts of the commission in inviting the immediate-past Coordinators of Development Centres under the platform of G-64 for interactions towards uncovering the whole truth on the allegation of ‘misappropriation of statutory allocations accruing to the 13 Local Government councils’ in the State to the tune of N6.756Bn by the Umahi-led administration.” On the plight of the displaced Ezza natives, the group lamented what it described as “the reckless abandonment of Ezza natives in Okaleru, Ezza North Local Government Area of the state who have remained displaced from their ancestral homes since February last year due to the construction of a so-called Ebonyi International Cargo Airport.” It further expressed worry that several months after reports revealed that the state government failed to provide any alternative means of shelter for the residents of the affected Umuezeoka, Umuoghara and Oriuzor and Okaleru communities, nothing has been done to address the deplorable condition of the victims whose only crime AESID said, “is that development caught up with them.” “How does a government that leaves its over 15,000 Internally Displaced Persons affected by the said airport project including women and children sleep well at night? “We have been wondering why the government chose to abandon this large number of vulnerable groups without adequate and reasonable compensation and again, we therefore call on the Umahi-led government to ensure that the victims are adequately compensated to save them from the avoidable hardship they have been plagued with following this ugly development,” the pro-Ebonyi group regretted. On the insecurity in the state, the statement condemned the incessant attacks and razing of police stations in the state by hoodlums, saying the latest attack on Iboko Police Station in Izzi Local Government Area of the state is very worrisome. The body also condemned what it labelled “the limitless intimidation of Ebonyi Judges and Magistrates by the Executive arm of government as they have now been cowered not to grant bails to suspects without ‘clearance’ from the occupants of Abakaliki Government House.”