IBADAN – The immediate-past executive council of People’s Democrat­ic Party (PDP), South West zone, has cautioned one of the aspirants to the position of national vice chairman against perceived opponents in the race. According to a statement by the immediate-past and aspir­ing Zonal Publicity Secretary, South West PDP, Ayo Fadaka, “We take due cognisance of trips round the zone by an aspirant to the position of na­tional vice chairman, South West, His Excellency, Taofeek Arapaja and duly commend him for taking steps to actual­ise his ambition. “We, however, take serious exceptions to his campaign style which is dominated with needless expletives and unwarranted abuses on the person of Eddy Olafeso, PhD. This attitude is not only pedes­trian, but equally indicative of the quality, content and depth of the said aspirant. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “This period in the life of our party, particularly in the South West, is crucial and it is of utmost importance that stakeholders take conscious steps to ensure that only suit­ably appropriate people are put in positions of responsi­bility to drive the party as we plan towards 2023 elections. “Much as our party liberal­ly welcome entrants into the party at all times, we howev­er, wish to underscore the fact that it will be absolutely coun­terproductive to allow a politi­cal tourist and adventurer like Taofeek Arapaja, who within a space of six years that he left the PDP, was a member of Accord Party, APC, ADC and finally returned to PDP about a year ago to become the national vice chairman of the party at a time he should still be under serious tutelage on the need to be a consistent party member. Week In Review: Buhari, Osinbajo’s Official Engagements Narrow Gauge Lines Not Inferior To Standard Gauge Lines – Minister “We continue to thank our zonal leaders, ex-Gov­ernor Ayo Fayose, Senator Ademola Adedeji, Hon Ladi Adebutu, Dr. Remi Akitoye, Senator Nicholas Tofowomo, Engineer Femi Babalola and Oloye Bisi Olopoeniyan. “We also thank the very steadfast and committed state chairmen of Lagos, Ogun, Osun and Ekiti states for their solid support, while also appreciating the support of silent majority of our del­egates whose commitment to the party also remain crucial. “The PDP must chose right in the South West, only peo­ple with a history of commit­ment, loyalty and steadfast­ness to the party can drive it to the appropriate destination and not political merchants who desire zonal executive positions, which they intend to use in horse trading when next they wish decamp to an­other party.