Rt Hon. Ibrahim Balarabe Abdullahi the Speaker Nasarawa State House of Assembly, has on Wednesday appealed to the state branch of the Nigeria Labour Congress NLC) to sheathe its swords over an attempt to remove the National minimum wage from the exclusive legislative list to concurrent legislative list and other demands. The speaker of the House, Rt Hon Ibrahim Balarabe Abdullahi gave the charged while received members of NLC and Trade Union Congress( TUC) during their peacefully protest to the House in Lafia the state capital. He said that the House would continue to protect and defend the interest of Nigeria workers for development to thrive. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “You all are aware and a living witness that our Governor Engr.Abdullahi A Sule is workers friendly, together we will continue to promote the welfare of Nigeria workers in the state that is where we stand, our support for him to better the welfare of workers remains intact. ” Yesterday , we are in receipt of the communique and all the resolutions reached in the meeting of NLC/ TUC. Nigerian Stock Market Reacts To Demutualisation Approval, Up N128bn Bayelsa Assembly Passes Anti-Open Grazing Bill ” We will go through your communique and come up with a positive position that will promote the welfare of Nigeria workers. ” We want to tell you that where you stand , that is where we stand. ” Shelve your swords and by the special Grace of God, I can assure you that your struggle will not end in vain. The Speaker also appreciated the NLC for their support and understanding with the government of Nasarawa State, adding that the government would always stand by them. Earlier, Comrade Yusuf Sarki Iya, the State NLC chairman said that they were in the House in protest to resist the attempt to remove the national minimum wage from exclusive legislative list to concurrent legislative list. ” And the clause to establish the state judicial council and an attempt to create artificial scarcity of petroleum product,” he said. Comr Iyah, said that the workers would continue to resist any attempt that would create pains and hardship to workers and Nigerians. It would be recalled that the National Executive Council of the Nigeria Labour Congress on Tuesday, March 9, rose from an emergency meeting and announced a nationwide protest on March 10, over plans by the National Assembly to remove the national minimum wage from the exclusive list. The House of Representatives last week debated a Bill to remove the powers to negotiate wage matters from the Exclusive to the Concurrent list, citing the inability of state governors to pay the present N30, 000 national minimum wage.