For the umpteenth time, players in the Nigerian aviation agencies have called on Sen. Hadi Sirika, the Minister of Aviation, to in­augurate boards of directors for the various agencies, almost six years after the government came onboard. This is as Aviation Round Table (ART) has said that the failure of the minister to inaugurate the boards for the aviation agencies despite their ap­pointments and approval by President Muhammadu Bu­hari could cast a thick shadow on transparency, accountabil­ity, and responsibility in the sector. Buhari, about four years ago, approved the appoint­ment of boards of directors for five out of the six agencies in the sector, while Comrade Adams Oshiomhole, the im­mediate past chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), also gave a deadline for the inauguration of the board members over three years ago, but in spite of the approvals and directives, Sirika is yet to inaugurate the boards. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The agencies with boards of directors, according to the Acts setting them up, are the Nigerian Airspace Manage­ment Agency (NAMA), the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), and the Nigerian College of Aviation Technology (NCAT). Others are the Nigeri­an Meteorological Agency (NiMET) and the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), while the Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) does not have a board of di­rectors. Walmart Spending $500m On Canadian Store Upgrades, Closing 6 Locations Makinde Inaugurates 11-Man Security Taskforce In Oyo Dr. Gbenga Olowo, Presi­dent of ART, told Daily Inde­pendent that due to the nature of professionalism in the avia­tion sector, its critical nature, together with safety issues, there was the fundamental need for the emplacement of boards of directors for prompt decision-making. Olowo acknowledged the fact that interim boards could fill administrative vacuum, but said that agencies were not contemplated to run with­out functional boards for peri­ods exceeding three months. He added: “ART is of the view that the aviation sec­tor policymakers adopt the international aviation best corporate governance for the promotion of safety. “Situations where the avia­tion agencies operate without formally inaugurated boards could cast a thick shadow on transparency, accountability, and responsibility.” He called on Sirika to, as a matter of urgency, inaugurate the boards of directors for the agencies in order to avoid con­tinuous breach of rules by the minister. Comrade Abdulrazaq Saidu, the General Secretary, Association of Nigerian Avi­ation Professionals (ANAP), said the failure of the min­ister to inaugurate boards of directors for the agencies indicated disregard for the rule of law. He explained that ANAP, for instance, had written numerous letters to the min­ister to remind him of this oversight but that Sirika had failed to respond to any of the union’s letters on the issue. He lamented that aviation workers were suffering be­cause of the several actions of the minister since he came onboard, stressing that train­ing of personnel had been relegated to the background in recent years. According to him, the min­ister and Chief Executive Of­ficers (CEOs) have a limit on what they could approve and spend without recourse to the boards of directors. He said some of his activ­ities over the years indicated that he had flagrantly dis­obeyed the extant rules for the industry. Comrade Olayinka Abioye, the immediate past general secretary of the National Union of Air Transport Em­ployees (NUATE), in a recent interview with Daily Indepen­dent, said the non-inaugura­tion of the boards indicated that something was actually wrong in the sector. Abioye said since the Acts setting up the agencies stip­ulated that they should have boards of directors, the min­ister ought to have set them up immediately they were appointed. He surmised that the minister may have willfully delayed their inauguration in order to continue to have influence in the agencies. He said: “The implication is that the minister wants to still control the happenings in the parastatals. “You are aware that by the Acts establishing these agencies, they are supposed to report to a board and in the absence of a board, the minis­ter takes charge. “So, if the minister has the audacity to set aside the directive of Mr. President, it goes to show that something is definitely wrong with our system.” Also, Grp. Capt John Ojik­utu (rtd), aviation analyst, ob­served that it was not the first time the directive of Buhari would not be implemented by the ministry. Ojikutu cited the directive to NAMA on the agency’s taking over of the country’s territorial water from Accra, Ghana, and the directive to NCAA to carry out audit of Dana Air after the recent mi­nor and major incidents in­volving the airline as among president’s directives not car­ried out in recent times. It would be recalled that Buhari, in 2018, directed all ministers to inaugurate the boards of various parastatals under their supervision. The president issued this directive through a circular signed by the Secretary to the Government of the Federa­tion, Boss Mustapha. The names of those ap­pointed for NAMA are Dr. Yakubu Lame, Abdullahi Y. Gashu’a, Capt. Ibraheem Olugbade; FAAN had Otunba Niyi Adebayo, Akingbesote Akinyeye, Suleiman Moham­med and Bello Babura; NCAT had Mrs. Deborah Iliyas and Chie Simon Owhofa. The names that appeared on the list for NiMET were Otunba J.F. Faleke and Dr. Chichi Ashwe. It would also be recalled that Oshiomhole, as chair­man of APC, had given Sirika and Dr. Chris Ngige, Minister of Labour, a week’s ultimatum to inaugurate their boards, but they failed to comply with the ultimatum.