Abubakar Abba Bello is the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Nigerian Export-Import Bank (NEXIM). In this interview with SYLVESTER ENOGHASE, he outlines the institution’s efforts and new strategies to rise above challenges and improve the country’s export profile. Excerpts: Since you began to lead the current Executive Management of NEXIM Bank in 2017, can you throw light on what strategic plans your management has put in place for the objectives and mission of the bank to be accomplished? As the leader of the executive management team, I have since assumption in office been receiving commendable support from other members of the team. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! We have been able to develop a new Strategic Plan that spans from 2018 to 2022. This strategic plan is aimed at improving operational performance, achieving the bank’s mandate and contributing towards meeting the objectives of the Federal Government under the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan. NEXIM Bank Wants Southeast Entrepreneurs To Access N50bn Debenture For Regional Enterprises Ecobank To Pay Customers N5 For Every Dollar Received How successful has the implementation of the plan being? The implementation of the plan that commenced for over three years now has been seamless, and this has contributed to the significant turnaround of the operational performance of the bank. Unlike the trend in the past, we have significantly been in engagements with stakeholders, with improved relationship, manifesting in collaborative efforts towards policy intervention and increased focus on the non-oil export sector. Given your acknowledgement of the support the bank has been receiving from stakeholders, can you tell us who they are in this parley? We are involved in collaborative partnership with membership of the National Committee on Export Promotion, established by the National Economic Council under the Chairmanship of the Executive Governor of Jigawa State, to promote the Zero Oil Plan of the Federal Government. Also, we are in partnership with the Office of the Vice President to organise the Nationwide MSME Clinic, including establishment of One Stop Shops and Shared Facility Centers to enhance the contribution of SMEs to national development. In the same collaborative partnership, we have been in robust engagement with the leadership of the Export Facilitation Sub- Committee of the Bankers’ Committee, constituted to boost funding intervention to selected exportable commodities. We are also in collaborations with other government Agencies, including the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC), the Small and Medium Enterprises Agency of Nigeria (SMEDAN), to support the rapid expansion and growth of the non-oil export sector through various capacity building programmes and other initiatives. Given the support been received from stakeholders like you just explained, and the cooperation been received from management members, it is expected that the bank must have been recording impressive operational Performance. Can you in this light give a bird’s eye view of the operational performance of the bank? To your question on how well the bank is performing operationally, let me say that the bank has been recording appreciable operational performance. For instance, the declining trend in operational performance of the bank in the past has since been reversed, with improvement in key financial indices. The growth in the bank’s balance sheet rose from N67.73bn in April 2017 to N158.84bn as at 31st January 2021. With the current positive performance and increased in strategic partnerships and the push for recapitalisation of the bank, the target is to achieve a balance sheet size of at least N1.2trillion in 2022. We have been able to achieve a profit of N1.09bn in 2018, N2.13bn in 2019 and N1.28bn in 2020, after a loss of N567million in 2017 and bigger loss of N8.03bn in 2016. However, the profit decline recorded in 2020 was due to the impact of COVID-19 on businesses, which necessitated the interest rebate and moratorium extension granted to customers. Success can also be seen in the introduction of aggressive debt recovery and proactive loan work out measures which has led to increase in overall recoveries from N200m in December 2016 to N4.76bn and $750,000 between January 2017 and January and January 2021. In addition, assets worth about N7bn are currently up for sale. It is expedient we note that in the bid to continue cleaning up the balance sheet and improving on risk management practices with new loans granted from 2018 performing 100% that a major departure from the huge non-performing loans past was embarked on. Expectedly, the move no doubt has enhanced our operating model through restructuring of regional offices. With this, we were able to maintain presence in each geo-political zone of the country for better market penetration and nationwide coverage. What has been the level to which the banks receive intervention funds, and how have the funds been managed? Following effective stakeholder engagements and the high level of confidence in the current management, the Central Bank of Nigeria released N50bn to us in February 2018 to implement the Export Development Programme. The Fund was further enhanced to N100bn in December 2020 following effective utilisation of the one that was previously obtained from the apex bank. We have also in collaboration with the CBN been able to manage the N500bn Non-Oil Export Stimulating Facility, which has been introduced to provide long term funds to export oriented projects towards increasing value added exports. Again, it is important to note that the activities of the bank under the Export Development Fund (EDF) have led to processing of 227 applications worth N159. 27billion and $37.67mn, out of which N98.87bn has been approved. N68.01bn has been disbursed to 68 beneficiaries, while approvals totalling N30.86bn are currently in the process of meeting pre-disbursement conditions. So far, $182.31million and €203, 018.42, translating into N70.40billion have been received as export proceeds from projects that have repatriated their income, while others are yet to complete the transaction circle. Our joy is that many of the institutions we supported now feature on the list of top 100 exporters published annually by the Central Bank of Nigeria. How has the Special Intervention Scheme to the bank been utilised? In furtherance of the Federal Government’s objectives of creating jobs, reducing unemployment and promoting financial inclusion, we have launched special intervention programmes/enhanced its operating structure. One of the notable areas of intervention cut across SME Desk/Small and Medium Enterprises Export Facility (SMEEF), created to support SME exporters under more favourable terms and conditions. Also intervened on is in the area of Women and Youth Export Fund which was established to provide credit assistance to industries dominated by women/ youth or women owned businesses towards achieving the objectives of sustainable development goals. Also intervened on is the Anchor Export Programme which is aimed at providing market access to small players and increase intervention in all aspects of the export value chain. Considering the role of NEXIM’s management in trade facilitation towards enhancing Nigeria’s readiness within the context of African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA), can you speak on the Intra-Africa Trade Initiatives that has been embarked upon by the bank? As part of our trade facilitation role which is geared towards enhancing Nigeria’s readiness under the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA), we are spearheading various initiatives. Can you expatiate on what the initiatives entail? One of the initiatives is the Sealink Project. It is aimed at fostering regional trade connectivity and facilitating inland waterways operations to support hinterland trade and bulk commodities export, especially of solid minerals. We are intensifying efforts with NIWA, Nigerian Navy and other private sector partners to ensure the commencement of operations within the second quarter of 2021. Another initiative worth mentioning in this parley is the Inter-State Road Transit Scheme. This particular initiative is designed to facilitate the transportation of goods by road across Customs territories free of duties, taxes, and restrictions while the transit in line with ECOWAS protocol. NEXIM is the National Guarantor under the scheme whose role is to issue insurance bond to mitigate the risk of diversion. Our effort also did not exclude factoring services which is being promoted to engender financial inclusion and provide alternative trade financing support for MSMEs. In as much as the roles the bank is playing in the economy are not unfamiliar to many Nigerians, can you in this parley refresh the minds of Nigerians once again about the bank? NEXIM is the Export Development Bank of Nigeria and in this role, the bank serves to develop key exportable commodities, unlock opportunities and derisk key non-oil export sector to facilitate investments and increase the flow of credits, towards achieving the diversification objectives of the federal government of Nigeria. Over the last three years, the bank has operated under the philosophy of Produce, Add Value and Export (PAVE) to change the current narrative of the dominance of primary products in our export basket. Hence, in addition to supporting start up projects, a lot of emphasis was also placed on providing working capital to resuscitate many industrial projects, which have hitherto become moribund or operated below capacity towards boosting our value-added exports and enhancing jobs creation. The Projects cut across the key sectors of manufacturing, agriculture, solid minerals and services. The Services sector includes the Creative and entertainment industry, professional services, ICT, medical tourism, among many others. Can you shed light on the bank’s interventionist moves in the hide and skin industry, Shea industry, Cocoa industry, Solid mineral industry, service sector and Pharmaceutical sector coupled with your support to trade in its entirety? First and foremost, our intervention in the Hides and Skin industry is to harness opportunities in the global leather industry. This is the main reason we are working with the leather cluster in Kano, having funded about 3 companies and assisted them to acquire new machines and retool their operations towards becoming major players in the global value chain. On that of Shea industry, we are currently supporting various projects in Lagos, Ogun and Niger States. Our intervention and support for the acquisition of Shea Processing Plants has led to the first major export of Shea butter from Nigeria in March, 2018. Prior to the intervention, Nigeria had no significant footprint in the export of Shea products due to low processing capacity and high incidents of smuggling/informal trade. This is in spite of Nigeria’s ranking as the world’s largest producer of Shea, with annual production of 364,000 metric tons, accounting for 45% of global output. Regarding Cocoa Industry, our intervention is targeted at revitalising existing processing plans towards increased value addition and ensuring that Nigeria benefits from global cocoa Value Chain estimated at about $130bn. The foregoing is not in any way different from our intervention in the solid mineral sector of the economy, where Nigeria has over 34 Solid Minerals in commercial quantities, largely unexploited. Our intervention is in the area of providing machinery/ equipment and working capital to support mining and processing of solid minerals for export. As to the Service Sector, we have provided funding support to enhance the operations of logistics companies towards boosting regional trade, particularly within the context of the African Continental Free Trade Agreement. In the Pharmaceutical Industry, against the background of the COVID-19 pandemic and the opportunities in the regional market, we are supporting major pharmaceutical companies with equipment and working capital finance towards retooling and upgrading their operations to WHO standard towards the production and export of pharmaceutical products. On Trade Support, besides being a major advocate of value-added exports, we are also rendering support in the area of export of raw materials, particularly where the local industries cannot fully absorb production or where production capacity can be expanded. Hence, we have also provided working capital to support many companies engaged in cleaning and export of various agricultural commodities and other products. Such commodities include hibiscus flower, dried ginger, sesame seeds, gum Arabic and charcoal, which were exported to various parts of the world. What plans are on ground as long as driving the bank to achieve the purposes that necessitated its establishment are concerned? We are poised to mitigate the adverse impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the export sector and position Nigerian exporters to increasingly benefit from the opportunities provided by AfCFTA as well as attract the attention of Russia and EU to Africa. I am optimistic that the bank in the next two years will continue to implement its key intervention programmes. One of such interventionist programme will be brought to bear on Export Basket/Market Diversification. This consists of three components towards the promotion/support of processing of primary agricultural produce for value added exports. They are Value-Added Agricultural Exports Support, Services Export Promotion/ Funding Support and Mining Sector Funding Intervention. In a similar vein, we are prepared to bridge key export facilitating infrastructures that comprise of projects that will facilitate trade with in-country capacities for both quality certification and bulk commodities trade capabilities, especially of bulk solid minerals and agricultural produce for exports. In doing that, we would ensure that quality standards and conditioning facilities, promotion of Inland Waterways for bulk cargo logistics. Also, we have the Regional Industrialisation for Export/ States Export Fund programme which will complement the bank’s initiative on States Export Development Initiative presented at the National Economic Council 2017. It is designed to encourage partnerships and support to States of the Federation to promote exports from their regions based on comparative advantage. In the recent years, we have seen how our exported agro products, with particular reference to yam and dry beans were rejected by buyers in international markets. Against this retrogressive background, is there any effort been made in your bank, by virtue of being an export-oriented bank, to improve on export packaging/handling of our products that are meant for export? We already have programme aimed at attracting investments in packaging for products meant for exports to minimise incidence of export rejections because of poor packaging quality standard. The programme will have three areas of packaging to be promoted and supported. Another programme would be aimed at export value Financial Inclusion Strategy. This programme initiative, which is targeted towards Export financing and Credit enhancement instruments comprising of three schemes towards promoting risk mitigation and credit enhancement to spur investments into the mining sector, promote MSMEs development and access to trade finance as well as promote bankability of both greenfield and brownfield projects to attract investments/capital. The three schemes are, Mining Sector Credit Enhancement Fund, Factoring Services Liquidity Support and Joint Project Preparation Fund. Against the stark reality that fiscal resources are urgently needed to contain the fallout of the COVID-19 outbreak and stimulate the economy, being one of the major contributor to the wellbeing of Nigeria’s economy, what proactive measures or rather interventions are you prepared with? In that regard, the bank is proactively making interventions by way of investment in the manufacturing or production of exportable products – where Nigeria has comparative advantage – with the aim of providing buffer for the economy. I will respond to this question by saying that part of the initiatives of the bank is to promote at least one exportable commodity in every state of the federation towards achieving the federal government’s zero oil plan and the initiatives of President Buhari administration to create one million jobs annually. The move is to mitigate some of the security challenges in the country, especially north east and prepare the region towards effective participation in the continental market under the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA). You may have heard about the ‘One State, One Product’ initiative of the bank which is a pointer to the fact that Nigeria has enough potential to profitably compete in the global non-oil export market. If that belief is matched with action, Nigeria would soon reverse the narrative from being a consuming nation to becoming an exporter of several products including Sesame, cashew, cocoa, oil seeds, fertilisers, tobacco, manufactured substitutes, raw hides, skins, leather, aircraft, space crafts and boats in high volume. 