LAGOS  – The Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Nigeria Liquefied Nigeria Gas Limited, Mr. Tony Attah has lamented that the federal government is not given enough attention to the nation’s gas industry. He spoke at a Multilogues zoom conference organized by the Nigerian Gas Association (NGA), where he also wondered why Nigeria is stewed in energy poverty despite its abundant gas deposit. He emphasised the need for the country to embark on aggressive drive to monetize and revitalize the gas sector, adding that the gesture would impact positively on the economy of Nigeria. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He said: “Gas is the future. That future is now, and just as the Minister of State has made us realize, gas is food in fertilizer. Gas is transport as you saw in the Autogas project that was declared. “Gas is life, as a matter of fact, for cooking, for heating, for existence. Gas is development in manufacturing, gas is power. Gas is everything. “We think it’s time for gas. It’s time for Nigeria to diversify and that is why we fully support the decade of gas,” he said. Edo First Lady Commends Young Nigerian Investors For Being Patriotic Union Decries Huge Debts Owed FAAN, Charges FG On $500m Chinese Loan Repayment Attah said there is prospect for gas now as developed countries are already keying into gas as an alternative to crude oil. He added that gas has proven to be a cleaner and more sustainable alternative in the global energy mix. He spoke on the success achieved by Qatar in the gas sector, adding that the country has catapulted to the enviable position of the largest liquefied petroleum gas exporter in the world. Nigeria, he said, can also replicate Qatar’s feat given the right attention and the recent declaration of a decade of gas by the Federal Government “We just touched on a quick case study of Qatar. Someone mentioned country to a gas giant and it took just 10 years, which is why we, as Nigeria LNG, firmly believe in the conversation and the narrative about the declaration of the decade of gas. Qatar already from a poor fishing “We believe it is possible. If you look at Qatar from 1995, when they really went into gas development, we were just two years behind Qatar. So, Qatar’s first LNG was in 1997. “Nigeria’s first LNG was in 1999, just two years behind. But then, within 10 years, because of the deliberateness of the government and focus on gas, they have gone to 77 million tonnes and we are at best, 22 million tonnes,” Attah said.