LAGOS- Chief Bode George, former Deputy National Chairman of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), on Thursday threw his weight behind the aspiration of Hon. Taofeek Arapaja, for the vice-chairmanship position of the party in South-West region George said that he knew the former deputy governor as a competent and devoted chieftain, who would be willing to serve with the best of intentions and with the best of motives, and would no doubt succeed if voted in. The Atona Oodua of Yorubaland, said that  when the  former deputy governor of Oyo State, visited him at his Ikoyi office, with his entourage on campaign train to Lagos. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Arapaja, who happens to be the candidate of mainstream PDP in the zone had earlier led his campaign team to the party secretariat in Sogunle area of Ikeja, and accompanied by the party’s zonal caretaker chairman, Dayo Ogungbenro; Chief (Mrs.) Abosede Adedibu, Hon. Dare Adeleke, among others, where he rallied leaders and members’ support for his aspiration. The PDP leader said it was with great pleasure to welcome Arapaja and all  members of his team to Lagos State as he embarked on a very significant journey to lead the Southwest zone. He also pleaded with all PDP members in the State to unite, noting that a divided house is a defeated one. Strong-arm Tactics, Distortions Will Not Resolve Minimum Wage Logjam-DG PGF Okowa Congratulates NFF President, Amaju Pinnick On FIFA Seat Victory This was just as he identified those sabotaging the PDP in the state as ones working for a ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftain for selfish interest, adding that given the quality leadership Arapaja was bringing to the table, all the six states in the zone, including Lagos would be won by PDP, come 2023. “George said, “Ambassador Taofeek Arapaja, my  dear Aburo, it is my great pleasure to welcome you and all  members of your team to Lagos State as you embark on a very significant  journey to lead the Southwest zone as our National Vice-Chairman.” Adding, “The stakeholders and the elders of our party in Lagos State are all assembled here to hear from you the detailed visions, your ideals,  your promptings and focus which will help redeem and rescue our party in the Southwest from the present wobbly, unstable platform. “I know you are competent, devoted, willing and raring to serve with the best of intentions and with the best of motives. I have no doubt that you will succeed,” he said. George, however, said it was important for him to give some advisories ahead of the zonal Congress and as someone who had served as the first National Vice Chairman of the zone and having graduated to the second highest position of the party as the Deputy National Chairman. He enjoined Arapaja to let the constitution of the party be his guide like a constant northern star, when he got into office and must be fair and just in all his undertakings. “Always allow the redeeming precedents of old to sharpen your bearing, to strengthen your vision, to give fillip to your commitments and your mission. You must be totally resolved, stern, immovable about the principle of non-interference of external forces in the affairs of the Southwest. Whether it is the national organ or some extraneous states, none should be allowed to intrude upon the affairs of our zone. The Aton Odua, while advising Arapaje saud, “When disputes arise there are already established internal procedures that we use to solve  our differences amicably.  Let the states sort out their conflicts without intrusive actors. This is the paramount culture of our party . The decision of the zonal meeting on the zoning of offices remains sacred, sacrosanct, firm , absolutely irreversible because it is predicated on justice, fairness and truth.” He urged the former deputy governor to adhere to the fairness doctrine in the conduct of primaries, stressing that in  leadership one must be credible, straitlaced, equitable, sincere, thoughtful, genuine, true to himself and God. “I look forward to a zonal Congress which will be a celebration of brotherhood, which will be a triumphant carnival of love, of friendship and party solidarity.  May the good Lord bless you, grant you wisdom, strengthen your path as you begin this journey of revival and the collective renewal of our moral compass,” he added. Speaking, Arapaja, while acknowledging the leadership qualities of Chief George, in raising leaders, including the incumbent Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State and himself, among others, noted that winning Lagos, come 2023 was a huge task. He, however, tasked George, who he described as face of the party in Lagos State to make winning Lagos for PDP one of his legacies, like Governor Makinde and himself, as well as several other leaders he had raised were. “It demands a lot of sacrifice to win Lagos. Baba, I demand that you make it one of your legacies. Whatever you can do Baba, I know it is not easy,” he said.