The Nigerian Export-Import Bank (NEXIM) has called on entrepreneurs in the South East to take advantage of its N50 billion debenture to support export oriented enterprises in the region. The South East Regional Manager of the bank, Mr Kingsley Usifo made the call on Wednesday in Enugu during a sensitisation workshop for exporters in the region. Usifo said that the debenture was meant to stimulate and increase funding in Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) with a view to facilitating regional industrialisation. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He also said that the fund was equally meant to broaden the country’s export basket and market destinations through value added export. “This  facility will be provided to support export oriented enterprises in the non oil export value chain,” he said. Ecobank To Pay Customers N5 For Every Dollar Received Canada World Youth, Africa Skills Hub Partner To Introduce Women’s Entrepreneurship Initiative The banker however, said that the debenture was available to entrepreneurs registered with the Nigerian Export Promotion Council (NEPC). He however, said that it was sad that in spite of the ingenious nature of entrepreneurs in the area, they had yet to play dominant role in export business. Usifo said that the entrepreneurs in the area needed to move away from boutique and other petty businesses and embrace international trade. Earlier, the Director, Trade and Information Department, NEPC, Mrs Evelyn Obidike, said that the council was doing its best to help Nigerian exporters have access to the global market. Obidike encouraged exporters to get the necessary market intelligence as well as conduct the required research needed to excel in the international market. The director said that a good knowledge of the market would dictate what to produce. Also, the NEPC South East Regional Coordinator, Mr Jackson Arnold, said that access to the global market was very necessary in international trade. Jackson said the council expected greater collaboration from the exporters in the region in order to move the zone forward. “We want the exporters to take the drivers seat and we know you can do it,” Jackson said. (NAN)