LAGOS  – Justice Kazeem Olanrewaju Alogba, Chief Judge of Lagos State, has admonished journalists who are reporting court cases to be factual, truthful and correct. The admonition was given on Tuesday when the National Association of Judicial Correspondents (NAJUC), Ikeja Chapter, paid him a courtesy visit. Justice Alogba added that journalists should ensure truth in their reporting, cautioning that they should not add or misrepresent information as this usually have unpleasant effects on those concerned. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He maintained that he would never ask that any information that is bad be hidden from the public and also expect that the media should not also misquote or misrepresent information. Mr. Henry Ojelu, Chairman of NAJUC, who led members expressed confidence on the ability of the CJ to bring about positive changes to the judiciary and transform justice administration in the state. Review Of Finance Act, 2020 And Its Implication On Nigerian Tax Regime (1) Ebonyi Law Officers Down Tools Over Poor Welfare By Government The association notified the CJ of how some judges and magistrates in implementing the COVID-19 protocols have completely barred journalists from entering their courtrooms. Ojelu expressed worries over the plight which has seriously affected their job. The Chairman said, “As part of our professional calling and responsibility, we have been doing this on our own but with much difficulties as the judiciary is often not very liberal with information. Sir, we believe this should not be so since we are partners with same goal to make the judiciary better for all of us. “We appeal that you use your good offices to appeal to these judges to allow at least two or three journalists into their courts to do their job of reporting proceedings. Responding, the CJ intimated journalists on how to access court proceedings in view of the restrictions. Members of the State Judiciary present at the meeting were Chief Registrar, Mrs. O. A Okunuga; Deputy Chief Registrar (Admin) Ikeja, Mrs. O.J Awope; Deputy Chief Registrar (Legal) Lagos, Mrs. A.K Shonubi; Deputy Chief Registrar (Special Duties) Ikeja, Mr. R.O Davies; Deputy Chief Registrar, Mr. M.K.O. Fadeyi (Legal) Ikeja; Director of Admin & Human Resources, etc. Others on the visitation team were NAJUC’s Chairman, Henry Ojelu – Vanguard; NAJUC’s Vice Chairman, Wahab Akinlade – FRCN; Secretary, John Chikezie – New Telegraph; Mojirola Eniola – NAN; Funke Busari – CASEFILE Online; Oluwatope Lawanson – NAN; Titilope Joseph – Daily Independent; Emmanuel Ukudolo-Starconnect Media; Ayodele Olalere – Nigerian Xpress Newspapers; Matthew Irinoye – People’s Daily; Taiwo Gidado – Top News and Mr. Steven Aya – This Day.