More than 50,000 new coronavirus cases were reported in the U.S., taking the national total to 29,045,447, according to the latest data compiled by Johns Hopkins University. With 719 new deaths, the U.S. COVID-19 death toll rose to 525,816. Fewer than 1,000 deaths have been reported in the country since the weekend, the first time in more than three months. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Hospitalisations have fallen to around 40,000. These figures are sharply lower than the peak levels in January. Daily coronavirus cases and deaths continued to decline along with hospitalisations in the U.S., as more people received vaccinations. Russia’s COVID-19 Vaccine Sputnik V To Be Produced In Italy Iran Ready For Prisoner Swap With U.S. – Official Michigan’s Department of Health and Human Services (MDHHS) Bureau of Laboratories said the first case of the South African COVID-19 variant had been discovered in a child in the state. The Centre for Disease Control and Prevention released relaxed guidelines for fully inoculated Americans, saying they can gather privately without masks. “Fully vaccinated people can: visit with other fully vaccinated people indoors without wearing masks or physical distancing; visit with unvaccinated people from a single household who are at low risk for severe COVID-19 disease indoors without wearing masks or physical distancing. “Others are to refrain from quarantine and testing following a known exposure if asymptomatic,” the CDC said in its latest recommendations. “As more people get vaccinated, levels of COVID-19 infection decline in communities, and as our understanding of COVID-19 immunity improves. “We look forward to updating these recommendations to the public,” CDC Director, Rochelle Walensky, said at the White House briefing on Monday. Tom Frieden, the former Director of the CDC, called on people to continue wearing masks and avoid crowded indoor spaces where the virus could spread rapidly. More than 30 million Americans have been fully vaccinated so far, which is only less than 10 per cent of the population. President Joe Biden will address the nation on Thursday to mark the first anniversary of the nationwide shutdowns announced in the wake of the pandemic. “He will discuss the many sacrifices the American people have made over the last year and the grave loss communities and families across the country have suffered. “The president will look forward to highlighting the role that Americans will play in beating the virus and moving the country toward getting back to normal,” White House Press Secretary, Jen Psaki, said during her routine briefing. (dpa/NAN)