AWKA – The police in Anambra State have declared a former staff of Social Welfare Depart­ment, Awka, who is current­ly transferred to Ihiala, Mrs. Sabina Izuora, wanted over what they described as her roles in “child trafficking, child stealing and forgery.” This is coming on the heels of recent discovery by the police, in conjunc­tion with the local vigilan­te group, in a house at the Federal Housing Estate, 3-3 Area, Onitsha, and arrest of one Rejoice Raymond, aged 39 years, and Mrs. Chidi Fe­licia Nwafor, aged 80 years who are all natives of Umun­ya in Oyi local government area of Anambra State. Police said the suspects allegedly confined three children, two boys and a girl, inside different rooms at No.13 Akunwanta Mbamalu Street, Federal Housing Es­tate, Onitsha, and subjected them to physical and emo­tional torture without food and inflicted several inju­ries on their bodies, leaving them unconscious and at the point of death. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Police statement Thurs­day said preliminary inves­tigations revealed that the three children were alleged­ly sold by Sabina Izoura who had been on police wanted list for child trafficking, child stealing and forgery. Further investigations, it said revealed that the sus­pect was involved in unlaw­ful adoptions, using forged police reports, forged au­thorisation letters from the Ministry of Women’s Affairs and sworn court affidavits, to sell children stolen from all parts of the country to her waiting customers, both within and outside Nigeria; including a recent attempt to smuggle out two children, a boy and a girl, alleged­ly stolen from Niger State since 2018. Ekiti CP Vows To Halt Herders Trespass On Farmlands Police Dispossessed Me Of My Car, Sold It To Fellow Officer, Petitioner Tells Panel Investigations are still ongoing and efforts are be­ing intensified to apprehend other accomplices in order to bring them to justice, the police spokesman, Haruna Mohammed, said. For that reason, the police said the Commissioner of Police, Monday Bala Kuryas, has enjoined Ndi Anambra and the general public to apprehend or report at the nearest police station, or call police emergency number 07039194332, whenever they see Mrs. Sabina Izuorah for­merly of Social Welfare De­partment, Awka South LGA but recently transferred to Social Welfare Department Ihiala Local Government Area who is currently at large and evading police ar­rest in connection with the offence of child stealing/ trafficking, forgery and perjury.