P/HARCOURT – Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike, has accused the Minis­ter of the Niger Del­ta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio, of sponsoring mil­itants against the governors of the South-South geo-polit­ical zone over the 13 percent derivation funds. A coalition of Niger Delta militants group, Reformed Ni­ger Delta Avengers (RNDA), in a statement last week had enjoined President Muham­madu Buhari to stop further release of the 13% derivation funds directly to the gover­nors, but pay same to the host communities since the governors could not account for N55tirllion accrued to the region from 1999 to 2018. Responding to the allega­tion on Friday, Wike alleged that the smear campaign against the governors of the oil bearing region was spon­sored by Akpabio to deride the South-South governors, who are mainly of the Peo­ple’s Democratic Party (PDP). HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He wondered how the minister came about the said amount. “You (Akpabio) went and started sponsoring so-called militants that we should ren­der account of N55trillion. Where did we get the N55tril­lion? If we got N55trillion, then he got N200trillion. You cannot insult people.” Week In Review: Buhari, Osinbajo’s Official Engagements Narrow Gauge Lines Not Inferior To Standard Gauge Lines – Minister He said it was disingenu­ous for Akpabio who as gov­ernor of Akwa Ibom State acted like a demi-god, to ac­cuse incumbent governors of financial recklessness just because they did not attend the inauguration of Niger Delta Development Commis­sion (NDDC) headquarters building in Port Harcourt on Thursday. The governors, in their meeting in Port Harcourt, had demanded that every money meant for NDDC, ex­cept staff’s salaries, be lodged in escrow account until a sub­stantive board of the commis­sion was put in place. Wike took a swipe at the minister during the inaugu­ration of the Trade Union Congress (TUC) secretariat building, performed by the National President of TUC, Comrade Quadri Olaleye, in Ozuoba town of Obio/Akpor Local Government Area of Rivers State. Wike said: “We knew when Akpabio was a governor what he was doing. In fact, he saw himself as a god then. Now, he has the temerity to insult South South governors. We will meet one day. “If he did well, why did he fail Senate election? If his people love him, why did he fail Senate election? Ordinary senate? And you will come and talk to us.” He explained that the inauguration of the NDDC headquarters building was planned without resort to the governors in the region to know if the date was suitable for them. The governor also said that Akpabio lacks the mo­rality to ask what the gover­nors have done with the 13 percent derivation, adding that the former governor got more money as a governor because Nigeria’s economy was better then. “I have told him (Akpabio) to talk less. Now, he is taking on South-South governors, we will tell him that when he was governor, he was acting as a king. There was money as at that time.