In its bid to further expand the frontiers of advertising and marketing knowledge in the integrated marketing communications (IMC) sector, MARKETING EDGE, has announced its inaugural quarterly virtual summit. The summit that is tagged “Brand Management Imperatives and Challenges in a Post-Recessionary Economy”, will be held virtually via Zoom on Thursday, March, 25, 2021 between 9:00am and 5:00pm. The summit is expected to feature seasoned and leading industry players, outstanding professionals and titans that will share knowledge and insight on how to navigate the myriads of problems besetting the industry, and as well looking at opportunities in building brands in the present age of the new normal and beyond. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to the foremost Marketing and Advertising publication, the summit is aimed at expanding the frontiers of marketing and advertising knowledge while leading conversation in contemporary issues affecting the entire gamut of the industry. The virtual summit is sequel to the epoch making MARKETING EDGE’s National Marketing Stakeholders Summit held virtually last October. It would be recalled that MARKETING EDGE assembled a galaxy of accomplished global thought leaders in a 9-hour virtual session to discuss contemporary issues besetting the IMC industry in unprecedented manner in the industry’s annals. Why Nigerian Govt. Needs To Support Creative Industry- Actress, Tosin Shokoya [FREE] Download Independent ePaper – 10th March 2021 The inaugural quarterly virtual summit, with an array of accomplished practitioners in the IMC, promises to be another block-buster especially at this critical time of the national economy. Leading the Conversation for the debut edition is Baba Awopetu, a renowned marketer. Baba is a growth-focused and thought-provoking marketing strategist at Stragmar. He will bring to fore his experience in the last two decades in senior strategy and marketing roles spanning Europe, Middles East and Africa. Baba is noted for his regular lectures, write-ups, and researches on how to improve the effectiveness of marketing on topics like segmentation, positioning, diffusion of innovation, and branding. He has a great passion for helping organisations achieve the full potential of their investment, and will be presenting a lead paper on the summit’s theme. Other panelists include sectoral heads in the IMC. They include; Steve Babaeko, President, Association of Advertising Agencies of Nigeria (AAAN); Femi Adelusi, President, Media Independent Practitioners Association of Nigeria (MIPAN); Tade Adekunle, President, Experiential Marketers Association of Nigeria (EXMAN); Israel Opeyemi, President, Public Relations Consultants Association of Nigeria (PRCAN); Bunmi Adeniba, President, Advertisers’ Association of Nigeria (ADVAN); Oti Ukubeyinje, President, Association of Digital Marketing Practitioners; Emmanuel Ajufo, President, Outdoor Advertising Association of Nigeria (OAAN); Ifeoma Dozie, Director, Marketing and Communications, SSA, Mastercard; Jane Egerton, Head of Sales, Middle East and Africa, Facebook; Nkiru Olumide Ojo, Standard Group Johannesburg; Tunji Adeyinka, GMD Republicom Group; Andrew Human, Blind Tiger Café. Also on the bill are Andrew Hanlon, Managing Director of TVC Communications; Richard Iweanoge, General Manager, Consumer Marketing, MTN; Dozie Okafor, Managing Director, PHD Media; and Jude Odia, Managing Director, Starcom Media Perspectives. Speaking on the inaugural quarterly summit, John Ajayi, Publisher/CEO of MARKETING EDGE, said it was another offering from the publication’s stable in setting agenda for the industry and also fulfilling its objective of promoting the brand idea. “We are excited to introduce MARKETING EDGE Quarterly IMC virtual summit as a premier event that will bring together the best minds in all IMC sectors at the highest level. This has become expedient in view of the fact these uncertain times call for collaboration and conversation as we adjust to the fast changing pace of the industry across sectors. ”As an agenda-setting publication, stakeholders expect much from us, especially at this critical time. This is our little way of stimulating meaningful and result-oriented conversations in the IMC as it recovers from its myriads of challenges. It is also a way of accomplishing our self-appointed task of promoting the brand idea,” Ajayi said.