The Kaduna Inland Dry Port (KIDP), on Thursday, announced that it would soon commence export consolidation services to support exporters doing business in the northern corridor. Mr. Rotimi Hassan, the KIDP Manager made the announcement at a stakeholders’ meeting on Exporters and Export Processing Delivery, held in Kaduna. Hassan said that the meeting was convened, to sensitise prospective exporters and those already in the business, on the KIDP new services for export consolidation, right from Kaduna in-transit, through Lagos, Tin Can and Onne ports to on-board sailing vessels. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “The Federal Government is taking export as part of revenue generation by encouraging people to diversify into the export business and use it as an avenue to balance our international trade, so that Nigeria will not solely depend on oil exports.” “KIDP has all the requirements to accept your export goods unstuff/stuff, consolidate in our mega warehouse, provide empty containers, while the authorised agencies, involved in export examination with pre-shippment inspection agents, will legitimately certify your exports before sailing off for onward transit to Apapa/Onne/Tin Can on-board sailing vessel,” he said. NPA Expects 22 Ships With Petroleum Products, Others At Lagos Ports NPA To Punish Truckers Who Flout Directives- Amaechi The Manager said that the Nigeria Railway Corporation (NRC) had indicated its readiness to commence rail haulage, after test running of the rail lines from Zaria to Jebba and Lagos to Jebba. “We are hopeful that export will be sealed here by the Customs, with other agencies authorised by KIDP, and I’m sure with that, the northern exporters will smile,” he said. Kasim Ahmed, head of Nigeria Export Promotion Council (NEPC), Kaduna, commended the Agencies mandated with export services, adding: “domestic documentation is like the NSP, CIC and others,  are very important primary documents. “There have been challenges with exporters avoiding to pay the little charges and this affects proper documentation. “To avoid rejection of their products at the international market, proper documentation that would indicate standard and quality is very important, ” he said. Ahmed advised prospective exporters to approach the appropriate authorities concerned, for guidance before embarking on any export business. On his part,  Mr Sammy Bodam, representative of Anglia International Services Ltd, a Pre-Inspection Agent in Kaduna, stressed the need for proper documentation as a prerequisite for accessing shipping services. “When there are discrepancies in your documentation and a certificate is issued, it will still be required that the shipper corrects such discrepancy before your shipment can fly.” Bodam noted that there were new innovations, especially in ICT, that made shipping procedures easy, stressing that the services were now available online for easy access. “Contract agreement is another document that is very important to take seriously, as regulating agencies have been mandated by the Federal Government to take responsibility on international businesses,” he said. He urged stakeholders to exercise patience whenever inspections were being carried out as it required time for a thorough check, inline with  global best practices. In his remarks, Mr Sani Muazu, Deputy Comptroller of Customs, Kaduna, noted that there were procedures and schedules, as well as  formalities recognised by law and meant to facilitate export. Muazu said there were also challenges in the process, but  assured that the NCS was determined to facilitate exports, adding: “only ensure you meet the basic requirements.” Source (NAN)