LAFIA – Vice Chancellor of Feder­al University Lafia (FULa­fia), Shehu Abdulrahman, on Tuesday threatened to expel any student involved in academic misconduct or unpleasant behaviour in the institution. The vice chancellor stat­ed this during the 2019/2020 matriculation of academic session held at University in Lafia, in the state capi­tal. Prof. Abdulrahman said the university has ze­ro-tolerance for any form of misconduct, adding that he would not hesitate to sanction unpleasant be­haviour by any student in the institution. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The VC further implored students to show respect to their colleagues and staff in the university to make their stay in the school fruitful and productive. Prof Abdulrahman said, “The university was on its path to becoming a world-class centre of excellence, which will run on a busi­ness template to achieve the standards that would prepare students for lucra­tive job markets and en­trepreneurs with various mechanism being put in place to attain the feat.” Julius Berger Accomplishes Record Project Deliveries In Port Harcourt Parliamentary Staff Overwhelm NASS Security, Demand Financial Autonomy For State Legislature He charged the students to make use of the oppor­tunity afforded them by their parents/guardians and shun all forms of de­viant behaviour and other vices that will destroy their academic pursuits. “Be reminded that the oath taken by you today is to be obedient to the vice chancellor, to all those in authority and to be of good conduct throughout your stay in the universi­ty. Please be warned that a breach of the oath will at­tract appropriate sanctions. “Be modest and decent in your dressing and ap­proach to issues and ad­here strictly to the rules and regulations enshrined in the students’ handbook,” he said. He, however, assured of adequate security on the two campuses of the uni­versity and called on the general public to report any suspicious activities to appropriate authorities.