The Senate, on Wednesday, urged the National Security Adviser, Mohammed Babagana Munguno, to as a matter of urgency deploy more security personnel to communities affected by the activities of bandits and suspected herdsmen to avert a looming humanitarian crisis likely to occur as a result of the displacement of residents. This was even as the upper chamber called on the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), the Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs, and the Border Communities Development Agency (BCDA) to undertake an ‘on-the-spot’ assessment of the affected communities with a view to determining the extent of the problem and providing relief to the affected persons. This formed part of resolutions reached by the Senate after it considered two separate motions on the displacement of residents following the invasion of their communities by bandits and suspected herdsmen. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Senator Bala Ibn Na’Allah (APC, Kebbi Central), in the first motion, noted with concern the rising humanitarian situation in Bena, Kebbi State, arising from the activities of bandits in neighbouring Zamfara State which shares a border with Kebbi State. According to the lawmaker, “The internally displaced persons from about 17 villages in Zamfara sharing the border with Kebbi State have moved to Bena, Wasagu, Mage areas, with no arrangements for an Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) camp and are scattered all over, making it difficult to cater for their welfare.” Nigeria’s Future Lies In Her Youth, Revd Pam Tells YOWICAN Revelation Church Of Jesus Christ Expands During COVID, Beyond Accordingly, the Senate, while urging the Federal Ministry of Humanitarian Affairs to, as a matter of urgency, establish IDP camps in Bena and render support to those affected, charged the National Security Adviser and all agencies involved in internal security to increase deployment of security agencies to reverse the ugly situation. Coming under Order 42 and 52 of the Senate Standing Rules, Senator Tolu Odebiyi (APC, Ogun West), in a separate motion, recalled the recent spate of attacks by suspected herdsmen on communities in Yewa area of Ogun State. “Many of these attacks by suspected herdsmen on the area remain perennial owing to the near absence of police and other security personnel in the affected communities,” the lawmaker said. Contributing, Senator Rochas Okorocha (APC, Imo West), urged Nigerians to unite against the perpetrators of criminality by refusing to associate the various criminal activities with any region in particular. He said: “The happenings in the South-West, vis-à-vis the issue of herdsmen, has become a recurring decimal, and literally what we discuss almost every week at this red chamber. “Mr. Senate President, I’m a bit concerned that this issue is gradually creating a wall of division in our country. Hence, in the handling of this matter, we must be absolutely very careful. “I rise to speak, that a criminal remains a criminal in whatever form or shape he or she comes.”