Ex-councillors in Niger State yesterday barricaded the entrance and exit gates leading to the State Secretariate, opposite the State House of Assembly demanding amongst others their entitlements estimated at about N4.8 million. The ex-Councillors who were at the Secretariat gate early Monday morning, before the arrival of civil servants who had reported for the day’s work simple arranged their prayer mats in front of the gate and started praying ‘for governent to have compassion and release their entitlements’. Leader/spokesperson for the Councillors, Hon Garba Umar who had represented Usaile Ward, Kontagora Local Government Area said they are tired of government excuses of ‘no money’ each time they remind them, describing their predicaments as very unfortunate. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The Councillor who are demanding for N4.8 million furniture allowance N2.4 million, severance allowance among others vowed never to forgive the present government for pretending not to notice their existence and refusing to attend to their legitimate demands. Data Protection: NITDA Fines Electronics Coy N5m For Data Breach – Official Tencent Loses $62bn, Wiping Out Value Of Fintech Business After turining the state secretariate gate into a special prayer ground, the Councillors who are of mixed faith but mosty Christians and Muslim offered special prayers for God to intervene and soften the heart of those in charge to pay their allowances. “We will remain here at the secretariat gate untill our Governor, Alhaji Abubarkar Sani Bello comes and addresse us on their plights. We will not leave this place until Lolo and Sarkin Daje address us”, they insisted. “Each time we talk or remind them about our entitlements they will tell us that there is no money, we know there’s money because people are still getting money from the government so let them give us our constitutional entitlements. We know what comes into Niger state treasury every month we know what they do with it”. Hon Garba Umar who described the present administration as complicated and problematic in approach, said “They are the ones who created the problems by themselves, and they are the ones to also bring solutions to the prevalent problems”. Hon Garba Umar further threatened that, “Failure to heed the call and pay all our the entitlements, we become victims for all of us because if this thing continue, only God knows where we will lean”. “You cannot cheat me and at the same time order me not to speak out, it is not possible! If they refuse to answer us today, tomorrow we will still come and lock the Secretariate gate and if their is no response, it means they are working at home so we will follow them to thier various houses and the hotels they are hiding or working”. Meanwhile, Niger state government has promised to look into the demands of the former Councillors with a view to finding amicable solutions. The Permanent Secretary Ministry for Local government and Chieftaincy Affairs, Alhaji Abubakar Aliyu disclosed this while addressing the ex-councillors however pleaded that they tow the path of dialogues and not display of their grievances.