ENUGU- The Enugu State Government has commenced the training of 300 COVID-19 vaccinators ahead of the arrival of the COVID-19 vaccines to the state. The trainees for the workshop, which is a two-day train-the-trainer arrangement, were drawn from the 17 Local Government Area of the state. Addressing the trainees in Enugu on Tuesday, Dr. George Ugwu, Executive Secretary of Enugu State Primary Health Care Development Agency (ENS-PHCDA), said that the trainees would further step down the training in their various council areas and wards. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Ugwu said that the training was being carried out with the help of the state’s health partners – National Primary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA), UNICEF, WHO and others. According to him, the training was necessary for the vaccinators and health workers to carry everyone along in the council area and ward levels with the right information concerning the COVID-19 vaccines. Nigeria Police Not Sincere About The Security Of Nigerians –Gani Adams Nigerians Shouldn’t Expect Improvement From New Service Chiefs –Oseni The executive secretary said that the training would expose the trainees to the seriousness of the assignment of administering the COVID-19 vaccines. He warned that they should never delegate their duty to anyone as the Agency, the state health ministry and community members are watching and “if any vaccinator is found wanting, such vaccinator will be sanctioned appropriately.’’ According to him, they are trained to administer the COVID-19 vaccines and their other health office undertaking under strict observation of the COVID-19 safety protocols. “The issue of COVID-19 pandemic, including its vaccination, is sensitive and sensational.” “So, our health workers must follow all laid down procedures in the COVID-19 Vaccination Manuel provided by the Federal Government through the NPHCDA in collaboration with the UNICEF, WHO and other partners.” “They must pass the right message, act in the right way and ensure people around them while they administer the COVID-19 vaccines obey and abide with the COVID-19 safety protocol.” “The trainees and other health workers should strive to correct misinformation and negative myth against the COVID-19 vaccines in localities.” “The vaccines are cool, safe and secured for all; and NAFDAC, NPHCDA, UNICEF, WHO have endorsed it; while President Muhammadu Buhari and Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo have received it already,’’ he said. Ugwu, however, lauded Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi for supporting the ENS-PHCDA in steps to ensure that the state rolled back COVID-19 in record time and check the spread and death from the pandemic. “I must commend our health friendly governor, His Excellency, Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, who not only fund the Agency’s programmes but takes personal interest to know what is happening and what the state should do next.”