LAGOS – The Socio-Econom­ic Rights and Ac­countability Project (SERAP) has filed a lawsuit asking the Federal High Court in Abuja to re­strain and stop President Muhammadu Buhari and the Federal Government from borrowing an esti­mated N895 billion in form of unclaimed dividends and balances in dormant accounts under the guise of legislation known as The Finance Act 2020. The suit followed a re­cent move by the Federal Government to take over and borrow unclaimed dividends and dormant ac­count balances owned by Nigerians in any bank in the country. But the same legislation explicitly excludes dormant official bank accounts by all branches of government and their agencies. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! In the suit, with the num­ber FHC/ABJ/CS/31/2021, filed on Friday, SERAP is seeking “an order of per­petual injunction restrain­ing and stopping President Buhari from demanding, taking over, borrowing, and collecting Nigerians’ money in the form of their unclaimed dividends and funds in dormant accounts or transferring and moving the money into a trust fund known as ‘Unclaimed Funds Trust Fund’”. In the suit, SERAP ar­gues: “The Federal Govern­ment should not be allowed to borrow Nigerians’ money. Gov. Uzodimma Decries Existence Of Ghost Workers On Imo’s Payroll Grammy Awards: FG Congratulates Burna Boy, Wizkid “Borrowing unclaimed dividends and funds in dor­mant accounts owned by ordinary Nigerians would negatively affect their right to an adequate standard of living and access to clean water, quality healthcare, and education.” According to SERAP: “Despite Nigeria’s dwin­dling oil revenue, the grow­ing level of public debt, and widespread poverty, public officers including the pres­ident, vice president, gover­nors and their deputies, and members of the National Assembly have refused to cut their emoluments, al­lowances and security votes. “At the same time, mil­lions of Nigerians con­tinue to bear the brunt of mismanagement and cor­ruption.” Joined in the suit as defendants are Abubakar Malami, Attorney General of the Federation and Min­ister of Justice; the Senate President, Ahmad Lawan; the Speaker, House of Rep­resentatives, Femi Gbaja­biamila, and the Minister of Finance, Budget and Na­tional Planning, Mrs. Zain­ab Ahmed. SERAP also stated: “For there to be a borrower, there must be a lender. “The intention to enter into such borrower-lender relationship must be known to both parties. “Any other arrangement that allows a borrower to access funds from a lender without the knowledge and express consent of the lend­er will amount to stealing.” According to SERAP: “The Federal Government has repeatedly failed to ensure transparency and accountability in the spend­ing of public wealth and re­sources such as recovered stolen public funds, and the loans so far obtained, esti­mated to be $31.98 billion, and failed to address the systemic and widespread corruption in ministries, departments and agencies (MDAs).” The suit was filed on be­half of SERAP by its law­yers, Kolawole Oluwadare and Ms. Adelanke Aremo. No date has, however, been fixed for the hearing of the suit.