…Says Youth Vital To Africa’s Progress, Survival Bauchi- A member of the House of Representatives from Iseyin/Itesiwaju/Kajola/Iwajowa federal constituency, Oyo State, Hon. Shina Peller, has been honoured in Ethiopia with Distinguished Personality Award by the Jet Age Nation Builders. In a press statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Kola Popoola and made available to Daily Independent in Bauchi, Hon. Peller, who was honoured in Addis-Ababa alongside other prominent African personalities like Dr. Akinwunmi A. Adesina, President of the African Development Bank, H.E Kiwutha Kibwana, Governor Makieni County (Kenya), Dr. Abdul B. Kamara (Ethiopia), Country Manager, African Development Bank, Ms. Aya Chebbi, African Union Special Convoy on Youth (Tunisia) and others. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Delivering his paper, titled “Defining Africa’s Future” Hon. Peller emphasized on the pivotal roles of the youth in building and consolidating on sustainable and transformational legacies for African continent, added that in achieving this, African youths must be ready to deviate from all manners of entitlement to meaningful engagement. The Iseyin-born federal legislator stated that youths are very vital to the survival and progress of Africa in all aspects and urged them to get involved in political processes by joining political parties to enable them have largest stake in governance. Strong-arm Tactics, Distortions Will Not Resolve Minimum Wage Logjam-DG PGF Okowa Congratulates NFF President, Amaju Pinnick On FIFA Seat Victory “We are all familiar with the indices showing Africa’s enormous natural and human resources, though it presents a promise that is yet to be fulfilled. Regardless of these endowments, there are numerous challenges to positioning Africa in its rightful place, some of which include leadership, racism, xenophobia, institutional corruption” “These socio-cultural elements have contributed to the slow turn of the African wheel of progress within and across her regions, requiring a rethink in our approach to governance and the outcomes which cascade from it. Due to this critical nature of government to nationhood and nation building, we must then guide and guard principles of leadership at all levels, as well as the dynamics of politics and politicking” “This is because the effects of these activities have real and sometimes unexpected results. This underscores the importance of viable political participation and engagement by society’s most dominant groups.Youth therefore, holding the greater percentage of our population, are critical to the survival and progress of the African continent in all respects. “According to the African Leadership Institute report, we possess an abundance of Young African Leaders but no Seat at the Table. Approximately 700,000 young Africans have already been exposed to some form of selective leadership initiative. What we should focus on is how we can tap into this pool of creative young leaders. Hon. Peller is the Chairman, Board of Trustees of Lead Generation Initiative (LGI), a non-governmental, non-partisan and non-profit organization committed to creating opportunities for young Africans to channel their creativity, energy and the aspirations to adding values to their countries right from their immediate communities.