Mr Anthony Sani is the immediate past Secretary General of Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF). In this interview with TEMIDAYO AKINSUYI, he speaks on the blockade from the Northern part of the country to the South, insecurity challenges in the country and other issues of national interests. Excerpts: What is your take on the blockage of food from North to South which was partially resolved after four days following the intervention of some stakeholders led by Governor Yahaya Bello of Kogi state? Even though I understand the pains of the food traders, to block foods from the North to the South for the sins of few people in the South is not justified. The best way of overcoming the challenges is to identify the criminal elements and treat them as such. To punish the entire South for the sins of very few criminals offends many people’s sense of justice. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The Northern traders who blocked food supply to the South are demanding the payment of N475 billion compensation for lives of members and properties lost during the #ENDSARS protest and Shasha market chaos. Do you think this request should be granted? While I empathize with the northern traders over the killings of their members and destruction of properties, I do not know where and how compensation would start, considering many groups which lost their members and properties to violence in the past were never compensated. And so, even though their demands may sound reasonable, politically it is not implementable. COVID-19: Onuesoke Foundation Begins Phase 2 Distribution Of Face Masks, Exercise Books State Police Is Here To Stay In Nigeria –Akeredolu President Muhammadu Buhari has ordered security agencies to shoot anyone carrying AK-47 rifle. Do you think this will go a long way in addressing the insecurity challenges? President Buhari has since ordered all guns to be retrieved by the police. Did the police not carry out the order? I think to retrieve all guns, whether licensed or not, should be a better option lest innocent people be shot. What do you think governors can do in their respective states to address the insecurity challenges? State governors should implement the same strategies of campaigns against insecurity across the country. A situation where some use outright fight while some engage in negotiation at once conveys an impression that there is no central coordination. The recent discordant tunes among the governors is a signal to what the so-called true federalism would portend, to wit, that Nigerians should live as if they are in different countries. This can serve as harbinger for split of the country. The presidency said it will be a grave mistake to leave the security of the country to President Muhammadu Buhari alone, saying it is the responsibility of all Nigerians? Do you agree with this sir? That statement by the presidency is a truism precisely because security is a collective responsibility where the people help in providing the intelligence needed for nipping any violent plans at the bud. If Nigerians are not security conscious and promote hate speeches, misinformation and fake news, they would be stoking conflagration leading to unbridled insecurity. Salihu Tanko Yakasai, an aide of Governor Abdullahi Ganduje was sacked and arrested by the DSS for criticizing President Buhari’s handling of insecurity. What is your take on that sir? I do not share the view that a serving public officer should publicly criticize the government in which he is part and parcel of. Though Salihu Yakasai accepted the fact that he is part of the government, his open criticism amounted to anti-party and anti-government activists. Alhaji Salihu Yakasai was part of the government and thus, could criticize the government privately or resign if he was not given sympathetic hearing. Do you think further increase in price of petrol is justified? Since the price of crude oil has increase substantially of recent and Nigeria relies on imported fuel, any increase in prices of fuel is a natural concomitant of any increase in prices of crude oil in the international market. More so that the downstream has been deregulated. We cannot eat our cake and have it. Nigerians are demanding the report of the Justice Ayo Salami panel on Ibrahim Magu. Do you think the presidency should make the report available? Since the government made the setting up of the Salami Commission public,it is morally preposterous not to make its outcome public. Will you be surprised if the EFCC probes Asiwaju Bola Tinubu despite the role he played in President Muhammadu Buhari’s emergence? Anybody, including the president, who runs foul of the law can be prosecuted. That is why the Prime Minister of Israel is being prosecuted. And that is also why the former French presidents, Nicolas Sarkorzy that is the immediate past one and Jacques Chirac have been convicted. Nobody is above the law.