ABUJA- Dr. Folasade Yemi-Esan, Head of the Civil Service of the Federation(HCSF) has urged Federal Civil Servants to embrace the culture of innovation to reduce waste and cost of governance in the service. Yemi-Esan stated this on Monday in Abuja at the opening ceremony of a three-day workshop for staff of service innovation department/ divisions in the Office of the Head of the Civil Service of the Federation and Ministries, Departments and Agencies(MDAs). Yemi-Esan who was represented by Mrs. Ibiene Roberts, Permanent Secretary, Special Duties Office, said it has become imperative to deploy innovation in the public service to reduce waste, cost of governance and improve in revenue generation. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! She said: “We realised the crucial need to have in place an organised and dedicated structure to drive and sustain the culture of innovation in the public service with major focus on reducing waste, cutting cost of governance and enhancing revenue generation. “I wish to re-emphasise the importance and cardinal role of the Innovation Department and Divisions which is to act as a catalyst in our new vision and drive towards a new civil service.” Anambra 2021: Okonkwo Picks PDP Governorship Nomination Form Kogi Rep Urges Gov Wike To Join 2023 Presidential Race Under PDP “In our ongoing stewardship, we have been working closely with key partners and stakeholders towards making the Service function better. Of course this is a sure way of ensuring the sustainable socio-economic development of Nigeria and a much brighter public service of our dreams. “I am very optimistic that working together in the pursuit of this common purpose, we shall succeed in our collectivegoal to build a great and resourceful Civil Service by providing support expected of an efficient machinery of government.” The Head of the Civil Service pointed out that Innovation for a long time has gained global interest and popularity as an effective tool for problem solving, improving businesses, corporate governance and scaling up service quality and delivery. She explained that “there has been a significant paradigm shift within the field of public administration with regard to the strategic role innovation plays in fast-tracking service delivery and national development.” Therefore, she tasked participants at the workshop to be open to new ideas and avoid suppression of innovation. “You are expected to prevent the suppression of innovative ideas and generally encourage innovation to thrive in the system. The Service Innovation Department/Service Innovation Divisions are to provide the platform for promoting and harness high impact/transformative innovation.” “The management or tolerance of our hesitation or refusal to evolve would be too costly and certainly unsustainable particularly in our new normal. So let us rise to the occasion, let us be passionate and make the expected difference,” she explained.