ENUGU- The Secretary to the government of the Federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha, has attributed jettisoning of values and culture to Economic and political disarray in Africa. Mustangs stated this Ton uesday at the 4th, late professor Chinua Achebe’s international conference held at the University of Nigeria (UNN), Nsukka. Our Correspondent reports that the conference is organized by the professor Florence Orabueze led Institute of African Studies university of Nigeria. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Represented by the Enugu state Caretaker Committee Chairman of All progressive congress (APC), Dr. Ben Nwoye, eulogized the late literary icon, noting that his literary works has continued to impact on lives of Africans and the entire human race. He said “I am pleased to be part of this noble gathering to celebrate a man who left indelible marks in the development of African history and literature.” PDP Commends Self Over Successful South-South Zonal Congress I Have Not Submitted Any Appointee List To Governor El-Rufai– Kaduna APC Chairman “Chinua Achebe devoted his life and works to issues bothering on the development of African societies in the face of daunting challenges occasioned by colonialism.” “His epic novel, titled “Things Fall Apart”, aptly predicted the lingering impact such phenomenon would have not only on the psych of the people but on the culture and trajectory of African development.” “Achebe’s other major writings; No Longer at Ease, Arrow of God, A Man of the People and The Trouble With Nigeria all continued his treatise on the ills of the African societies due to the erosion of the African values and system of leadership.” “For instance, in The Trouble with Nigeria, Achebe succinctly placed Nigeria’s developmental challenges squarely on the failure of effective and transformational leadership.” “Indeed, the theme of this Conference, “Re-evaluation of African Values and Culture in the Face of the Crises of the 21st Century” provides a good opportunity to reflect on the values, culture, leadership and developmental systems that paved way for African solidarity and stability.” “The jettisoning of these foundational values of Africans and Nigerians in particular has left our communities, nation and continent in economic, political and social disarray.” “Today, our society is bedeviled by all forms of social vices, which before now were strange to our worldview, especially among the youth who seems to be at loss, perhaps because they have little or no knowledge of their African root and values.” “These have given rise to lack of tolerance, heightened ethno-religious tensions, high levels of crime and insecurity, corruption and lack of accountability, and the likes.” “There seem to be a complete deviation from the norms and mores which were laid down by our forebears to ensure peaceful co-existence, sense of decency, hard work and high moral standard.” “Nevertheless, reversing this ugly trend has been at the forefront of the agenda of the present administration in Nigeria. “The government of President Muhammadu Buhari has initiated numerous projects and programmes for the betterment of the society,” he said. Nwoye added “some of these policies include youth empowerment through the N-power programme, revitalization of the agricultural sector through diverse funding arrangements, improvement of social infrastructure, among others. “Knowing that the Chinua Achebe annual conference is a gathering of intellectuals committed to finding evidence-based solutions to pressing societal challenges gives me the confidence that in synergy with the government, we will overcome every perennial challenge that hitherto hindered our nation from realizing its full potentials. “I am thus overjoyed to be part of this forum in association with renowned scholars, leaders of thought and captains of industries, who are committed to reviving the African spirit of old which preserved collective interests, cared for individual needs, ensured respect for institutions, and encouraged equality and the participation of all in the governance of the community. “It is my humble belief that the 4th Chinua Achebe Conference of the Institute of African Studies, University of Nigeria, Nsukka contributes immensely in finding ways to revive African Values and Culture in the 21st century. “As Nigeria and other nations of the world continue to face the realities of COVID-19 and other security, economic, political and social realities, intellectual brainstorming in the mold of this conference can go a long way in stimulating the desired change required for a better human society. Also, the Vice Chancellor of UNN, professor Charles Igwe said theme of the Conference is timely and most appropriate The highlight of the event is award of excellence presentation to some personalities who have Distinguished them selves in their various field of endeavour including the SGF, Senator Ibrahim Shekarau of Kano state, among others.