ADO-EKITI – Mr. Babatunde Mobayo, Eki­ti State Police Commissioner, has asked Ekiti residents to report him to higher Po­lice authorities if he fails to handle herdsmen infringe­ments on rights of the locals properly. The Police Chief spoke during a stakeholders’ meet­ing in Ado Ekiti held at the instance of the Inspector General of Police, Moham­med Adamu, to find lasting solution to farmers-herders’ clashes. CP Mobayo gave assur­ance that no efforts would be spared to halt herders trespass on farmlands as well as ethnic clashes in the state. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He explained that the Presidential order banning unauthorised people carry­ing AK47 shall be pursued to the letter. “Don’t also forget that underage cattle rearing and night grazing have been banned. If there is any case against Fulani that I am not handling well, you can write a petition against me to the Police Zonal Office in Akure. I won’t protect any criminal,” he stated. FRSC Reiterates Commitment To Reduce Crashes Police Declare Ministry Official Wanted Over Child Theft, Trafficking CP Mobayo stated that the police in Ekiti were res­olute to restore peace be­tween the warring farmers and herdsmen in the state, using the instrumentality of the laws and arbitration when necessary to halt eth­nic tension in the state. “We are ready to imple­ment every presidential or­der against those carrying illegal arms. If you carry unlicensed arms in Ekiti State, we are going to deal with you ruthlessly. “To those carrying AK 47 without licence, it is like carrying death certificate and hanging it on your head; so carrying of AK 47 by non-state actors is not permitted in Ekiti,” he warned. Mobayo, who described as erroneous, the impres­sion that the Police were protecting the Fulani herd­ers, said his men had been handling all issues that are connected to the two feud­ing groups in Ekiti. “We know that Fulani herdsmen most of the time go out of their ways to de­stroy people’s farms, but we have always been rising up to handle such cases with­out taking sides. We were being careful because the locals as well used to perpe­trate some of these evils un­der the cover of herdsmen,” CP the said. All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN) and Mi­yetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN), Ekiti chapter, agreed that establishment of ranches would help in resolving the lingering cri­ses between the two groups. The AFAN Chairman in Ekiti, Mr. Adebola Alagba­da, said establishment of ranches remained the best panacea to farmers-herders’ clashes. “Cattle ranches by gov­ernment and individu­als will help in resolving all these crises. If Chief Obafemi Awolowo could establish ranches across the South West in 1958, why can’t we do same in this mil­lennium time?” he queried. Similarly, the Head of Fulani in Ekiti State, Alha­ji Adamu Abache, called for registration of all members for easy identification. He said, “It is true that farms were being destroyed, but if we are registered with the local governments, we would have been able to identify the itinerant Fulani killer-herders. “We are not against ar­rest of criminals, but any­time they want to arrest, the police and other security agencies must ensure that the criminals are arrested, not innocent Fulani herd­ers.” The Ajero of Ijero, Oba Joseph Adewole, had lamented that people had been killed in Orin and Is­aba Ekiti and nobody had been prosecuted. “Some Fulani people are claiming that Nigerian lands belong to them and that they must get it by force. Government must arrest those making such incendiary comments,” he said.