The former Governor of Kano State, Mr. Rabiu Kwankwaso has lauded Julius Berger Nigeria for delivering quality constructions at all times and advised clients to avoid giving construction workers to unrecognsied companies. Speaking in Port Harcourt earlier in the week where he commissioned Rumuogba 1 and 2 Flyover as Special Guest of Honour of the River State Government, Kwankwaso insisted that Julius Berger operates only the right and best engineering standards on projects they undertake. Kwankwaso recalled that during his two tenures as Governor of Kano State, he had also employed the services of Julius Berger as contractor to achieve the successful construction of three major infrastructural projects, all of which he said were still standing till date. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He congratulated the Rivers State Government for its wisdom in procuring Julius Berger for its infrastructural development projects in Port Harcourt. Kwankwaso, in his rigorous professional engineering assessment, referred all clients of the construction sector in the country to the Central Area of the Federal Capital Territory Abuja where infrastructure constructed by Julius Berger were still standing strong, about three decades after commissioning. Financial Experts Warn Against Relegation Of Women At DBN’s Seminar Food Security: How LAPO Disbursed N12.2bn To 152,446 Rural Farmers Kwankwaso’s position was further affirmed by the former Governor of Katsina State, Mr. Ibrahim Shema who also extolled the technical virtue and durable integrity of Julius Berger’s engineering works. On his part, the host of the infrastructural projects commissioning events in Port Harcourt, Nyesom Wike, the governor of Rivers State, recalled how a particular road contract was mistakenly denied Julius Berger some years earlier in Rivers State in preference for a lower bidder. According to him: “I know of a road that Julius Berger bided for and one other company bided for aswell; Julius Berger’s bid for that road was N14 billion, and then the other company which I will not mention bided for N6 billion. Now, we said well, let’s give it to the company that bided N6 billion. And we did not give Julius Berger. That was not my administration, but I was in the administration then. “At the end of the day, we spent over N20 billion in doing that work. So, from the outset, if we had given it to Julius Berger, it would have been better for us. It would have been a whole lot much more prudent, cheaper and with definitely better quality results if Julius Berger’s bid was accepted and the contract awarded accordingly. “It was a big lesson on how painfully costly the cheaper option without a reliable history or pedigree of performance can eventually be in choosing a contractor for serious engineering construction works, and we have no intention of repeating such mistakes.”