LAGOS  – Sigfox, the initiator of the 0G network and the world’s leading IoT (Internet of Things) service provider has partnered with Google Cloud to scale its cloud infrastructure and extend its IoT services portfolio. This partnership will enable Sigfox to rapidly accelerate its ‘Massive IoT’ agenda—processing billions of messages each month from objects connected to the internet using data stored in the cloud. Lare Ayoola, Tranter IT CEO and Executive Chairman, said: “We are delighted to announce the partnership between Sigfox and Google Cloud, whose pedigree and reputation in the technology markets is exemplary. “Combining their best-in-class technology with Sigfox’s technical expertise provides a powerful and synergistic combination which will undoubtedly bring significant value to the various industries we provide digital transformation services to.” HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to him, Sigfox is the world’s largest dedicated LWAN service provider for connecting simple, low-powered, low-cost IoT devices to the Internet. “Already deployed in 72 countries, covering more than 1.3 billion people, Sigfox’s 0G network is used for a wide range of IoT use cases, from tracking shipping containers and monitoring fire hydrants, to securing buildings and helping farmers monitor irrigation levels. Ecobank To Pay Customers N5 For Every Dollar Received Canada World Youth, Africa Skills Hub Partner To Introduce Women’s Entrepreneurship Initiative He said in recent years, due to an explosion in the number of internet-connected devices, Sigfox now processes billions of messages each month (an increase of 145 percent in 2020) from the millions of objects connected to its network—and the company needed a more scalable, long-term solution. “Google Cloud was chosen as the backbone for Sigfox’s 0G network to bring better scale, increased reliability, and best-of-breed compliance and security to Sigfox’s platform. Google Cloud will also enable faster improvements to Sigfox’s connectivity, geolocation, and other value-added services towards ultra-low-cost and ultra-low-power IoT solutions. He added that Sigfox’s shift to the cloud will transform many of the applications across the range of industries in which it operates, including supply chain and logistics, automotive, postal services, and utilities. “This includes the Sigfox auto parts solution, which tracks components on their journeys between assembly plants and suppliers with sensor-equipped containers. Or Sigfox’s solutions for utility companies that digitise the data collection of gas consumption meters, retrofitted Network Controlling Units, and smart features.