ABUJA  – There would not have been any need for differentiation if all the products and brands were the same or were intended to be the same. The world would have been a monotonous place if there were no differences. Human choice is based on the premise of differences between two or more objects hence the need for man to select or choose from all the available options. To be able to make such choices the consumers must be provided with valid reasons or premise that will warrant such a decision or choice between a particular product or services and the other alternative goods and services. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! One of the very valid arguments for differentiation is that it leads to higher profits. Sharp and Dawes defined differentiation as when a firm/brand outperforms rival brands in the provision of a feature(s) such that it faces reduced sensitivity for other feature(s). For not having to provide these other features the firm therefore has an avenue to save costs. Konga Prime, Nigerian e-Commerce Loyalty Programme, Goes Live The Nigeria Police Force: A Brand In Need Of Rebranding (8 ) This reduced sensitivity also allows the firm/brand to benefit from a reduced intensity or directness of competition thereby granting it access to a portion of the market or the value created by the exchange. Kotler on his own part defined differentiation as the act of designing a set of meaningful differences to distinguish the company’s offer from competitors’ offers” If differentiation is essential and confers advantage to a particular product or brand why is it then that we do have commodity markets and products, which are largely undifferentiated like oil, mining and agricultural products making so much money and profits from their operations? For these money making corporations who are into commodity products it is the operations, structures and systems put in place by the corporate brand and the efficiency they bring into their operations that enables the firms make money. For example why do you prefer to buy or refuel your car at specific petrol filling stations despite the fact that the products being sold by all the petrol filling stations are the same and at the same price? Why is also that not all the petrol filling stations are equally profitable? At the end of the day it is still the differences engineered into the operations of those organisations (not its product brand but the corporate brand) that translates into making a commodity product more distinguishable, preferable and more profitable than another. Beyond that for all commodities there are standards of evaluation or pre inspection standards to ensure that they conform to certain basic standards. These standards have grading systems attached to them such that some are prime A class products just the same way some crude oil are preferred in the market and subsequently attract higher prices. At the end of the day despite the fact that there are similarities between the commodities there still exists classifications and differences among them; a selection process where the best products attract a different price/ demand structure than the remaining ones. These A class products usually end up being sold first than the rest products. Consequently some level of differentiation exist in commodities either as a result of their quality or geographical location they are produced from or their species etc. Differentiation can therefore exist at different levels; at the corporate strategic level or at the operational and tactical levels. It can also exist at the product/ brand level, at the engineering or process level of the firm, at the level of the distribution and the other elements of the marketing p’s or at the level of the personnel and employees of the firm; customer service/ after sales service. Levels of Differentiation. Differentiation does not only exist at the level of the product or brand. Differentiation can exist at the level of the company (Corporate, Strategic) level where the company’s or institutional positioning forms a very clear form of differentiation between all the products and brands emanating from their stable and that from other organizations. Patagony for example as a niche sports equipment and wears manufacturer was able to differentiate itself from all other sports equipment manufacturers. Other manufacturers like Vita Coconut oils which does not use monkeys in their coconut farming, became 100% vegan & cruelty free and were thereby able to differentiate themselves based on their policy of not patronising or using coconuts harvested using forced or chained monkeys. Some diamond manufacturers have also differentiated themselves by not buying and selling “Blood Diamonds”. Based on these differentiations any product or brand that emanates from their staid will be looked upon differently with a different inclination by the buyers, which oftentimes makes them amenable towards purchasing their products. Differentiation can also be at the operational level encompassing all the production; distribution, selling and customer service touch points. At each of these point lies infinite possibilities in differentiating one organisation from another. Nigerian Breweries bottlers of Heineken in Nigeria at one point in time took a huge leap in installing the largest production line in Africa in one of their production sites known as AMA Breweries. This was at a point that they were up scaling their facilities against the incursion of SAB Miller from South Africa. The magnitude of the production line as well as the scale of efficiency was a very clear differentiating factor in their operations. FedEx also at a time in trying to differentiate themselves in the market embarked on a very innovative scheme which had not been operational in the market – Overnight deliveries. This distribution mechanism was a huge factor in differentiating the organisation even if it was later copied by other organisations. Differentiation can also exist at the tactical level bearing in mind the differences either in the culture and way of life of the consumers, which the organisation can incorporate in their operations in specific locations so as to create a differentiation between their product offerings and that of their competitors. The biggest mistake therefore, in differentiation is to think that it must exist at the level of the product features and characteristics that must be engineered into the product to differentiate it from other products within its target market. Product differentiation is good and a very valid ground of differentiation if credible grounds for differentiations exist. However if they don’t or if they are very easily copied by competitors as they will normally be then other avenues for differentiation that the company can explore in seeking to differentiate their product offerings abound if only they will look deeply enough. One veritable means of arriving at these areas of differences are through research. eobeta@gmail.com +2348139322773