Nigerian female fashion entre­preneurs now have an opportu­nity to enhance their skills, im­prove their competitiveness and earn more through the skill-up programme in garment produc­tion. The skill improvement pro­gramme is being offered by the African Fashion Development and Empowerment Centre (AFDEC), a not for profit organization sup­ported by the European Union and German Development Cooperation GIZ through the Nigerian Competi­tiveness Project. The training programme which kicked off in Lagos on Monday in commemoration of International Women Day will end in April. Ac­cording to the organisers, the train­ing is free for eligible women-owned enterprises who have been involved in fashion and garment production for a minimum of 2 years period and have a registered business in­corporation status with the Corpo­rate Affairs Commission (CAC). HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Speaking about the training, Mrs. Adeola Ogunkolade, Founder and Executive Director, AFDEC, said participants will learn how to enhance their businesses and im­prove their competitiveness within the fashion industry. “They will also be taught how to manage and optimize the fash­ion product effectively, and also get acquitted with the fashion evolution and its direction. This is indeed the start of a true en­trepreneurship for the Nigeria women-owned fashion/garment industry. This training also focus­es on every aspect of the business from project production, commer­cialization to distribution and retail and lot more to learn,” she added. Ardova Plc: Non-recurring Income Overwhelms Bottomline As Profit Declines 53% SavingsOur Target Is To Achieve A Balance Sheet Size Of N1.2trn In 2022 – Bello Adeola noted that women em­powerment is one way to get the underprivileged as well as the rea­sonably privileged women to come to realise their worth and full po­tential. “And this is one of the reasons why we at African Fashion Devel­opment and Empowerment Centre (AFDEC) have saddled ourselves with the responsibility of empow­ering women and connecting them to fashion vocation and technical training, mentorship, funding, in­ternational opportunities, etc.” In accordance with the compli­ance of the Federal Government and NCDC, all the COVID 19 pre­cautionary measures will be ob­served and put into play before the commencement of the train­ing. “During the week, the training will hold at the African Fashion Development and Empowerment Centre head office behind Ikeja Shopping Mall, Alausa, Lagos, while the weekend classes will take place at the Day Star Church at Oregun,” Adeola explained. AFDEC currently have a fast-growing community of over 3000 women-owned fashion MSME’s across 36 states of Nige­ria and Sub-Saharan Africa. The community comprises brands ranging from apparel and textile designers, crafts and accessories manufacturers, fashion and hair stylists, fashion merchants among others. Its goal is to empower 10,000 more women enterprises by 2025.