Tony Philmoore, the new Director of the Professional Golfers (PGA) of Nigeria has asserted the need for the media to part­ner with the association to­wards ensuring the return of the Nigerian Open The Director, who is also the Chairman of Degema Lo­cal Government Area of Riv­ers State in an exclusive chat with DAILY INDEPENDENT dwelling on the way forward for the PGA of Nigeria opined that the media would have to play a vital role towards real­ising the crucial target of re­branding the Nigerian Open. “The Nigerian Open is a major tournament for us in this country that will open up a lot of opportunities in the socio-economic and political space; but the media must play a vital role to help us achieve this dream,” Philmoore said. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Expatriating further he said, “Our activities and thoughts cannot be dissemi­nated without the media; it’s the duty of the media to let the world know what we’re doing, hence I’m appealing for their support – we need media partnerships more than ever before. “Imagine an Open Golf Championship that will bring the high and mighty golfers from Europe, America and the rest of the world to this coun­try, the effect it would have on the polity – our economy, culture and tradition; it will change a whole lot of negative narrative about the country.” Unity Of PGA Nigeria Is A Priority Now –Tournament Director Captain Relishes ‘The Ambience’ Of Abeokuta Golf Course He noted the effects of Covid-19 on the economy say­ing, “We appreciate what the Covid-19 has caused to coun­tries and many organisations’ economy.” The Director commended the Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State for sponsoring the 2021 Governor’s Cup as he charged other governors to be part of the sponsorship of tournaments in golf and sports generally because of its positive for the society. “I want to thank the Rivers State Governor, Chief Nyesom Wike, for the initiative to spon­sor the 2021 Governor’s Cup in Port Harcourt; it would go a long way to change lives both in Rivers State and in Nigeria generally. “This is the reason I’ll want governors in other states to be part of the sponsorship of tournaments in the their do­mains to improve the society and the country will be better for it,” he added. Philmoore appreciated everyone who participated in the Annual General Man­ager (AGM) and the elections which he said, “The AGM and the elections brought out the maturity in us as profession­als because it was peaceful and successful andwinners emerged on merit.”