BUA Cement Plc, a subsidiary of BUA Group has received an award of recognition from Okpella Graduates Association (OGA) in Okpella Community, Etsako West Local Government Area of Edo State for fulfilling its role in the Community Development Agreement signed between the organisation and the community. The association in a visit to BUA Cement in Okpella presented the award to Yusuf Binji, the Managing Director, BUA Cement in company of Richard Gidaddo, General Manager Administration, BUA Cement and Ahmed Idris, Plant Director, BUA Cement. Receiving the award, Yusuf Binji noted that the relationship and communication between the BUA Cement and the community was mutual and still intact adding that the company takes the plight of its host communities very seriously. He then expressed the company’s resolve to make life more meaningful for the people of Okpella. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Binji, who recalled that the company had in November 2020 donated 6 units of 500KVA transformers, two security patrol vehicles to the community assured the association that more development projects that would benefit the people of the Okpella Community were underway. According to Binji, “I thank you all for this award. This is an indication that the mutual understanding and communication we have is still very much intact and respected. We have always played our part as a responsible organisation and we will continue to make sure that every of our projects are impactful and yield desired results. Fidelity Bank Reaffirms Support For CBN’s New FX Policy Push Sterling One Foundation Partners NNNGO To Provide Grants For Non-Profits “We are delighted not by just this gesture but by the understanding you have shown us. Let me assure you all that we take the plight of our host communities very serious and we are very committed to make life more meaningful for the people of our host communities”. Binji added. The association also presented an award to Richard Gidaddo for his role in the development of the CDA.