Onitsha- The flood of this year’s maiden rainfall in Onitsha and its environs, Anambra state, weekend, reportedly wreaked havoc in Onitsha and its environs. The heavy down pour which started about 3pm, forced road side traders to vacate immediately as its flood filed the drainages to the brim and extended to the major roads, leaving in its trail debris that blocked the roads. Reacting to the damages done to the residents, Mr. Ifeanyi Nwachukwu, a curtain seller, along new market road Onitsha, said that, “whenever the first rain comes like this one, the whole line will close for the day because of the heavy flooding”. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “I lost about #.5million worth of wares during the first rainfall of last year because the flood normally comes into our shops even if you close the shop but it’s better when they are closed than open”. Lamenting the damages done to her and other street traders, Grace Nnaji, carpet/rug seller, recalled that, “there was a day that flood carried one of my carpet bundles and there was no how I could pursue the bundle because if you put your leg on the flood, it will carry you. Residents, Police Save Robbery Victim With N10m Cash In Bayelsa NDLEA Seals Ex-Gov Egwu’s Hotel In Ebonyi So whenever there is rainfall, especially the first heavy rain like this, the next day we will not open our shops because the shops may have been submerged by the flood”. Debris carried by the flood will be deposited in front of our shops and we will then embark on clearing the debris while the shops remain shut.” “The next day we will not open shops instead we start removing the debris in front of our shops that included, sand that the flood deposited and spread the rugs on the sun throughout the day”. “We are neighbours to a new generation bank here and the bank is also worst hit as the flood deposited more debris in front of the bank thanours. The state Government should come to our rescue now before lives are lost by ensuring that blocked drainages on both sides of major roads are opened for easy flow of the flood” Also a cyber cafe operator, Chinenye Mbadugha, stated that, “we always feel unhappy whenever there is heavy down pour like this one thisweekend. It caused more harm than good as the entire new market road and environs now wear dirty look caused by the flood deposits” “You can see that most of the major roads like, Old and New market roads including Old cemetry and Oguta roads are not passable presently because of the debris deposited on the roads by the flood”. “The situation is even worse at Oseokwodu market, the mouth through which the flood joins the River Niger, the entire market is submerged by flood.” It was observed that the rainfall was not much in some parts of Onitsha