The airline sub-sector in Nigeria is suffering from many challenges. The outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic and scarcity of foreign exchange have further compounded their despair, which has led to flight delays and cancellations in recent times. OLUSEGUN KOIKI writes. Operating an airline at this time is challenging on so many different levels, largely because of the diverse people, activities and protocols involved. On the one hand, there are traditional factors that are always under the direct control of the airlines, such as aircraft turnarounds between flights, passenger punctuality, technical and crew performance, among others. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! On the other hand, there are perhaps even more factors that are outside of the airline’s control, such as weather, air traffic control, security and airport conditions. The reality is such that so long as airplanes continue to fly, flight delays, cancellations and disruptions to services will be a part of the experience, but this has been made worse in recent times by the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic, which restricts movement of humans across the globe. Airport Project: Give Us More Time To Harvest Our Produce, Ekiti Farmers Beg Fayemi Suspension Of International Flights At Kano Airport Affecting Our Revenue, But,…- Sirika The impact of the global COVID-19 travel restrictions on the aviation industry is solid, evolving by the minute and cannot be underestimated. Apart from the restrictions of humans for business and leisure purposes, airline operators especially from the developing world, bear the brunt in all fronts. Their operations are nearing comatose, no thanks to their inability to maintain schedule integrity. Also, the continuous drop in the affluence of naira against major currencies is another massive challenge confronting the airline sub-sector. Today in the country, a dollar is equalled to N484 at the black market where most business organisations source their currency exchange from. Most of the business entities, especially the airline sub-sector that approach the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) for the purchase of foreign currencies have returned empty-handed. CBN lacks the capacity to satisfy the demands of business entities in the country. Virtually all the indigenous airline operators have their aircraft in the maintenance yards outside the shores of Nigeria. Most have made promises to return them back to service, but failed to do so due largely to Covid-19 protocols and forex scarcity. These have further depleted the fleets of the airlines and disrupted their schedules, which inadvertently led to flight delays and cancellations across the nation’s airports. One of the principal casualties of this challenge is Air Peace, the biggest carrier in West and Central African regions. For instance, Air Peace had promised to take delivery of three brand new E195-E2 aircraft from Brazil in the last quarter of 2020, which would make it the first airline on the continent to operate the aircraft brand. After much delays primarily occasioned by lack of forex and COVID-19 restrictions, one of the aircraft was delivered to it last month, while others are yet to arrive in the country as promised. Apart from this, several of the airline’s aircraft are in numerous maintenance facilities outside the country, while plans to return them to service had been stalled due to the aforementioned challenges. Though, sources close to the airline confided in our correspondent that plans are underway by the airline to take delivery of additional three airplanes before the end of this week and another in June and July to normalise its operations. Apart from the airline, Med-View Airline also has two of its aircraft in Europe for maintenance checks, but its management has consistently failed to meet its set date for the return of these machines. Besides, Dana Air, Aero Contractors, Arik Air, Azman and Max Air all have their aircraft in Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) facilities within the continent, America, Middle East and Europe. Most of the operators now ration route services, thereby causing unplanned delays to air travellers. However, despite these challenges faced by many of the airlines, a few new carriers like United Nigeria Airways and Ibom Air seem to be shielded at least for now. Some of the stakeholders in the sector said that their airplanes are not due for checks until after 18 months when they are expected to encounter the same challenge of the older airlines if the pandemic persists and forex remains scarce to operators. Mr. Chris Aligbe, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Belujane Konsult, while commenting on the development, said the challenges facing the airlines persevere because they have not been able to speak in unison. , who was also the spokesman for the defunct national carrier, Nigeria Airways, acknowledged the fact that forex had been a major challenge threatening the existence of operators in the system in recent times. He advised the carriers through their umbrella body; the Airline Operators of Nigeria (AON) to schedule a meeting with the Ministry of Finance and CBN via the Ministry of Aviation where the current challenges could be discussed and addressed. He lamented that the government, especially the Ministry of Finance and CBN seemed unbothered with the colossal challenges inhibiting the growth of the airline sub-sector in Nigeria and equally advised the operators to join Chambers of Commerce, where he declared their interests and agitations would be more pronounced to the government. He said: “The airline operators need to address this issue with the government. They need to seek a meeting with the Central Bank of Nigeria, Ministry of Finance through the Ministry of Information to put this on record. They can do this through AON, but I don’t think AON is as strong as it used to be in the past. “There is a gap in the association at the moment. Nobody seems to be speaking for the airline sub-sector, which is very bad for the airlines. They cannot complain about this individually; they should go together. “Yes, the impact of forex on the airline is always deeply felt when it happens and it appears the people who are controlling the finance of government like CBN, Ministry of Finance, don’t seem to know what aviation is suffering. They don’t seem to understand the sector. “The airline sub-sector needs a central voice that can talk for them. The airlines should become a member of Chambers of Commerce. They should have a forum where they go to say their challenges. The Chambers of Commerce can approach the government to put their challenges on the front burner. The airlines are not speaking with a strong voice, they are speaking individually and I don’t know how far they can go with that.” Besides, Capt. Roy Ilegbodu, CEO, Arik Air, lamented that shortage of forex and its high rate had continued to impede the sustenance of indigenous airline operators in the country. Ilegbodu in an interview with our correspondent bemoaned that foreign exchange had skyrocketed by about 40 per cent since the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic in the country. According to him, the forex and COVID-19 crises had impacted negatively on the operations of the airline and other countries across Nigeria, saying that many of the airlines were unable to return their aircraft to service from maintenance checks offshore. The Arik Air CEO explained that virtually all the operations of the airline industry required foreign exchange and mentioned spare parts, aircraft maintenance and others as some of the aspects of airline services that gulped massive funds from operators. He said: “We still face significant challenges going forward; we are still grappling with them. We have challenges of foreign exchange; that is one big issue. The exchange rates have virtually gone up significantly by approximately 40 per cent since COVID-19 struck. “You realise that our industry itself is quite tied to the supply from outside Nigeria. To support an aircraft with spare parts, you need all sorts coming in. So, significant sums of mony are spent on maintenance. The airplanes on a daily basis must be maintained. You can’t compromise maintenance of aircraft. “The tyres on an airplane, some people don’t realise how much we change those tyres. You can’t use an aircraft tyre for example the way you use your car tyres till they get burst. You have to change them regularly whether they look old or not. So, you see that happening on a daily basis because of some of the rotables.” Besides, he appealed to the Federal Government to come to the aid of the airlines in addressing the foreign exchange challenge. Also, Engr. Abednego Galadima, the President, National Association of Aircraft Pilots and Engineers (NAAPE), observed that Covid-19 restrictions and forex paucity had negatively affected the prospects of the operators in the last one year, but also advised them to imbibe proper and effective maintenance planning. Galadima maintained that CBN’s intervention was highly and urgently needed to address the forex challenge. “While it may be true for airlines to blame Covid-19 pandemic restrictions and maintenance abroad for their challenges, it is also necessary for them to do proper and effective maintenance planning. If they take care of maintenance planning, it will go a long way in addressing delays and cancellations due to operational reasons. “I also encourage them to patronise local Approved Maintenance Organisations (AMO), which is cost effective and has the attendant effect on developing our aviation industry. Besides, I believe CBN intervention is highly needed and urgently, too. Government needs to come to the aid of the airlines in this regards in order to prevent loss of jobs.” Mr. Kabir Gusau, President, Association of Nigerian Aviation Professionals (ANAP), appealed to the government to assist the indigenous airlines to get unhindered access to foreign exchange whenever the need arises. He also canvassed for the government’s consistency in its policy on the duty-free for all the airlines’ shipments, stressing that this would go a long way in addressing the present challenges facing the operators.