Lagos- Against rising incidences of unprovoked aggression on staff of the hospital by client’s, the management of the Federal Medical Centre, Idi-aba, Abeokuta, Ogun State has warned that it would no longer tolerate such assaults, conducts any longer. The Institution’s Medical Director, Prof Adewale Musa-Olomu handed down the warning while reacting to the latest physical attack on a Medical staff of the center by parents of a toddler. Recalling an incident at the hospital, the management in a statement said, “A 15 months old toddler was rushed to the Children Emergency Room (CHER) by her parents on Friday 12th March 2021 at about 8.00 pm. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “On presentation, the baby had a history of severe fever of one month, weight loss of one month, irritability, and loss of head control.” Head of Public Relations and Information, Segun Orisajo, in the statement, explained that ” On evaluation at the Centre, the baby was immediately taken in and necessary medical attention commenced. Grammy Awards: FG Congratulates Burna Boy, Wizkid Beyonce, Taylor Swift Make Grammy History As Women Dominate Big Prizes He said on complaints by the parents that they were financially challenged, the management waived all the laboratory investigation bills as well as emergency medications. “However, at about midnight the baby passed on barely four hours after arriving at the Centre. On hearing about the death of his daughter, her father threw caution to the wind and beat to a pulp the Medical staff who attended to her daughter, citing delay in treatment. The enraged man hit the doctor on the head several times with a chair before help could come his way.” Speaking on this unfortunate incident, the Medical Director sympathized with the bereaved family and attributed the loss of the toddler to late presentation. “Something should have told the parents that keeping a baby that was losing weight with a sustained high temperature at home for a whole month was a dangerous thing to do by any parent. No doubt, we tried our best to save the toddler’s life although the situation would have been a different one if she had presented early”, the Medical Director said. Prof.Musa-Olomu disclosed that the latest attack and assault will be the fourth on his staff in recent times. He, therefore, warned in strong terms that henceforth, the law would be allowed to take its full course on anyone caught assaulting or assaulting any of his staff.