OLUSEGUN KOIKI , ISAAC ASABOR LAGOS  – Players in the financial sector in Nigeria have called for optimisation of the potential of women, saying that any attempt to relegate their importance in the society would affect the social and economic development of the country. This was the submission of panelists at the second edition of the Development Bank of Nigeria’s (DBN) International Women’s Day Seminar organised virtually by the bank in commemoration of the 2021 International Women’s Day (IWD) with the theme: ‘#Choose to Challenge.’ HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! International Women’s Day is a global event held every March 8 to celebrate the social, economic, cultural, and political achievements of women. Mr. Tony Okpanachi, the Managing Director, DBN, expressed optimism on the impact of the event despite the COVID-19 pandemic, which restricted participation to only virtual. Food Security: How LAPO Disbursed N12.2bn To 152,446 Rural Farmers Polaris Bank Rewards Over 60 Winners In Second ‘Save & Win’ Promo Draw Okpanachi emphasised that lessons learnt from the seminar would be impactful and expressed a delight to be a part of the event. He stated that women play a strategic role in the Micro, Small, and Medium Scale Enterprises, a segment he said the bank was mandated to reduce financial constraints for. “From our Keynote Speaker – Funke Opeke, Founder/CEO, MainOne to our dynamic and erudite panel, I have no doubts, that our conversations today will certainly both inspire and challenge us to make the world a better place for women,” he said. During the session, panelists comprising Mojolaoluwa Makinde, Head, Brand, and Marketing of Sub Saharan Africa Google; Nkem Okocha Founder MamaMoni; Andrew Alli, Chief Executive Officer (CEO), South Bridge and Amina Oyagbola Founder WISCAR, deliberated on ‘The cost of exclusion: Challenging Gender Stereotype and Promoting Inclusive Growth.’ Speaking on the effect of gender exclusion, Ali explained that women made up half of the population of countries and restricting this huge manpower to just household management, he said would hurt the economy. He explained that educating women was one of the most important to wider attention, recognising and promoting women’s contributions to the advancement of Nigeria. “From inception, LAPO has been involved in community health improvement and playing a major role in addressing the challenges limiting the progress of women, including economic powerlessness, social exclusion and ill-health. “Over 1.7 million persons were reached with direct services and Information, Education and Communication materials. “In spite of the challenges of 2020, the organisation was still able to reach substantial number of vulnerable communities with health intervention services. “These women have surmounted enormous challenges in our environment to make huge impact. The selection process is rigorous and over the years, had aided us to reach the true change makers. LAPO’s CEO, however, congratulated the winners of this year award- Mrs Felicia Funmilola Babalola, Mrs Joke Kolaja Adesina and Christiana Ovieba Ebitimi, while enjoining them to double their efforts. Dr. Osarenren Emokpae, Chairman, Board of Directors of LAPO, in his remark said the 2021 LAPO Outstanding Women Leadership Award (LOWLA), which was instituted to commemorate the International Women’s Day (IWD), was a demonstration of the commitment of LAPO to the socio-economic empowerment of women in Nigeria. He said LAPO has set the pace over theyearsasadevelopmentorganisation advancing the cause of women and eliminating barriers hindering their social-economic progress and ending violence against them.