Strengthening food systems must be an integral part of efforts to recover from the COVID-19 pan­demic and to build resilience in Africa, said African Development Bank Director General for South­ern Africa, Leila Mokaddem. Hunger is a greater threat to many Africans than the COVID-19 crisis, Mokaddem said in a session on sustainable food systems at the Southern Africa Impact Forum in March. “Africa must now urgently strengthen its food systems as an in­tegral part of efforts to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic and to build resilience,” she said. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! University of Pretoria vice-chan­cellor Tawana Kupe noted, “when they function well, food systems have the power to bring us together as families, communities and na­tions. But too many of the world’s food systems are fragile and vulner­able to collapse.” Mokaddem outlined four areas in which the Bank is working in part­nerships to drive the food sector’s transformation: sustainably inten­sify the production of safe and nu­tritious food to meet demand; careful management of land, soils, and wa­ter; increasing the contribution of local food producers and suppliers and reduction of post-harvest losses; and harnessing digital technologies to develop and drive food systems transformation. Now That Nigerian Stock Exchange Is Finally Demutualised UBA: Growth In Core, Non-Core Incomes Boosts 2020FY Performance “The African Development Bank is championing the Technologies for African Agricultural Transforma­tion (TAAT), a major continent-wide initiative designed to boost agricul­tural productivity across the conti­nent by rapidly delivering proven technologies to millions of farmers,” she added. Other initiatives that underscore the Bank’s leadership role in the sector are its financing of Special Agro-Industrial Processing Zones to concentrate agro-processing activi­ties within areas of high agricultur­al potential, as well as the promotion of climate-smart agriculture. Removing barriers to agricultur­al development could spur a jump in Africa’s agricultural output from an annual $280 billion to $1 trillion by 2030, Mokaddem said at the virtual event, where she represented Bank President Akinwumi A. Adesina. “AfDB is committed, in partner­ship with key stakeholders to sup­porting agricultural transformation and calls on governments, Multilat­eral Development Banks and other development partners to support a technology development and deliv­ery mechanism required to achieve the transformation of African agri­culture,” Mokaddem said. The session included a break-out session for a series of dialogues that are part of the United Nations’ Food Systems Summit that is expected to be held in September or October 2021. Introducing the discussions, The World Health Organization’s Special Envoy for COVID-19, David Nabarro, said: “We are seeking to transform food systems so they can be more sustainable and equitable, and it’s a transformation that will contribute to all of the SDGs (Sus­tainable Development Goals), and absolutely key to dealing with the other major crises in our world at this time.” The Southern Africa Impact Fo­rum on sustainable development, held March 9-10, is hosted by Times Higher Education and the Universi­ty of Pretoria. Participants included academics and representatives of the private sector, civil society and international agencies.