Globally, RELIGION has become a veritable opium of relationship and harmonious coexistence. It has become a measuring system of our thinking process and anyone not found in any denominations within the context of religious affiliation is out rightly condemned as a sinner, heading towards the hell fire. In Nigeria, every Friday and Sunday are witnessing massive congregations and the most disturbing aspect of this religious movements is that our spirituality tends to end at the four walls of the Mosque and Church Auditorium. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Take for example, these pretending worshippers are the same people that will steal, kill, maim and displaced people with fun fairs. It’s much more disheartening especially amongst our leaders, who before any criminality embankment, will pray. Honours For Real Estate Mogul, Adekunle Abdul Siju Iluyomade Maintains Call For Gender Equality One would have thought that those prayer sessions were truly the reflections of their hearts’ postures. Remember, these criminals in government corridors are highly exalted members in most of our churches and mosques. In some churches and mosques, they have reserved areas, and are oftentimes, respected more than God Almighty. I was wondering if in the States Executive Council meetings or Federal Executive Council meetings, if the prayers rendered at the beginning and end actually represent the truth about the members’ true religious beliefs claims. God can never be mocked, but His mercies are enduring, and hence, in the midst of duality in our lives, it’s only our consciences that convict us before others. We have criminal minded terrorists as rebranded by our leaders as Bandits, and when you seek for the fundamental sponsors, the fingers can never be wrong – the same religious leaders in government garments. The churches have deviated from the core tenets of building a society of love, peace, equal rights and justice, and unfortunately, they have shifted emphasis to blessings and miracles expositions as if God is a god of Baba Ijebu or a magician. After Christ sermon on the mountain, His Disciples asked him to send the people away. Christ rebuked them and asked the Apostles to feed the multitudes. Of course, just like some of us, the Apostles weren’t happy. The principle here is that the present Churches do not show love to the people, and hence, they exploit the people in their quest to build monuments and cathedrals without building the people or helping out the people. It’s not an aberration to see a Pastor boasting of how many private jets he has or his collections of expensive cars and jewelleries even at the glare of poverty ridden congregations. Nigeria has become a big joke, not because we don’t have people who are so religious, but because, the essence of religion ends with our insatiable selfishness and unimaginable wickedness. There’s the difference between being spiritual and being religious. Unfortunately, most of us have taken solace to be more religious than being spiritual. That’s why terrorists would use religion to kill, maim and destroy property without any iota of shame or remorse. That’s why a single criminal minded politician will appropriate the commonwealth of his or her country into his personal account without a hoot about humanity. That’s why most of our leaders stewardships have become backward integrated policy objectives, and such hardened reprobate mindset has become a normal honour for those who have stolen much more than others. That’s why, even armed robbers and kidnappers have to pray for a day in their hunt for their victims. That’s why a hardened terrorist will quote scriptures to back his heinous actions. That’s why we can’t tolerate one another, and Ak-47 has become a god that we are worshipping. That’s why a religious cleric will inform us that terrorists are not criminals, but a set of Bandits that must be incorporated into the security forces and public service, and with incentives to assuage them. That’s why a government is debating for the rehabilitation of criminals or terrorists with our commonwealth while their victims can go and die in a traumatic situation. That’s why our leaders lying sprees are good enough to earn Nigeria the world poverty capital. That’s why our Naira valuation policy objective has become a national disgrace both in Nigeria and global perspectives. That’s why we have many beggars in front of Churches and Mosques each Sunday and Friday respectively. That’s why Security Agents have reneged from serving the people and only to pay more allegiance to the president and politicians. That’s why politicians prefer Ihiala or Sango shrines to initiate their followers rather than the Bible or Quran they sentimentally professed to align in public. Today, despite all the claims of our religious fanaticism, wickedness still pervades our coexistence. There’s no unity despite that we are all living together as Nigerians. The worst that can happen to a Nation is having leaders who have all the attributes of human beings but acts like vampires. You can’t claim to love God when hatred for humanity rules your heart. We are all very much in a disgraceful actions, and no matter how much we pretend, we are all culprits. Religion is different from Spirituality, and if you’re practicing religion without any elements of spirituality, the truth is that you are just deceiving yourself. Look around Nigeria, and ask yourself,  ‘who are those I’m charge of corruptible businesses, either in government or private, and of course, the reality is that 99% of us are all inclined to one religion or another. Religion doesn’t build a nation, but a reformed society that truly love justice, appreciate its national ideology and sincerely has reverence for the sacredness of life. If we can still appreciate nature just as the Chinese and Japanese, we will understand that what controls our existence is more of spiritual than physical religious doctrines. We have played so much in the galaxy of religion, and today, we are more disjointed and wicked as never envisaged by even our traditional forefathers. We have been whitewashed by our politicians and religious clerics or leaders, and as such, most of our forefathers’ doctrines on adhering to GOOD NAME as more than GOLD has been jettisoned and referred to as archaic or traditional. “It’s very easy to deceive others, but definitely, not yourself.” Many of our leaders that parade themselves as Christians or Muslims are worse than the Devil itself. The vampires cannot do without the blood of the innocent souls, and wonder why most atrocities are committed by our politicians and without any remorse? But when you hear about the debate on which religion is supreme, I laugh loudly, because the problem in Nigeria is beyond which religion is the supreme, but the followers, who have refused to think, behave and showcase the best supreme attributes of spiritual principles – love and peaceful coexistence. Religion was a mankind’s spiritual evolutionary trend and basically tailored towards our relationship with God Almighty and ourselves. Be it traditional, Christian, Hindu, Jewish or Muslim, the basic principles are love, peace, unity and justice for mankind. Any religion that is based on killing or destruction is not a religion but a Devil’s instituted society. Every religion has its original identification prowess based on its tenets and doctrines, and as such, has no basis to claim any supremacist theory. The word ‘Christian’ was coined by none believers, and it all came about CHRIST-LIKENESS, in the context of LIFESTYLES and ATTITUDES. Christ never condemned the laws, but was more inclined to human beings attitudinal reformation from inside our hearts rather than our religious rituals. Religion has divided HUMANITY more than the original plan of God Almighty, and today, we are fighting for God Almighty as if we have been transformed from being mortals to immortals, and as such, can validate God’s standards by our own human ritualistic doctrines. Dr. Sunny Oby Maduka (DSM), is an Author, Resource Personality, Management Consultant/Trainer, Chartered/Certified -Auditor/ Accountant, Financial Compliance Expert, Economic/Political Analyst Strategist, Marine Expert and Motivationist)