Lagos- Pay television content providers, DStv and GOtv, have promised live European league matches this weekend. The pick of matches from this weekend’s Premier League action sees Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur meet for the latest edition of the North London derby at 5:30pm on Sunday on SuperSport Premier League (DStv Channel 203). More than local bragging rights will be at stake in this clash, with both teams scrambling to secure qualification for European football next season. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The Gunners have put together some solid form of late and manager Mikel Arteta feels that his side is gradually finding their identity, with this clash against Tottenham representing a chance for them to really make a statement of intent. Tottenham have also come through a poor spell of results, with Gareth Bale now looking capable of inspiring them to a rise up the table, and Harry Kane and Son Hueng-min starting to recapture the form they showed early in the campaign. Sports Minister Hails Pinnick’s FIFA Election S/Africa’s Motsepe Emerges New CAF President This round of Premier League action also features Leeds United playing host to Chelsea on Saturday at 1:30pm on SS Premier League (DStv Channel 203) and SS Football (GOtv channel 31), which will produce a fascinating tactical battle between Marcelo Bielsa and Thomas Tuchel, while later the same day Fulham’s fight against relegation sees them have the daunting task of hosting leaders Manchester City at 9pm. Sunday, aside from the North London derby, also features a South Coast derby between Southampton and Brighton & Hove Albion at 1pm on SS Premier League and SS GOtv Football, and David Moyes takes his high-flying West Ham United to Old Trafford for a clash with Manchester United at 8:15pm on SuperSport Premier League, before the round concludes on Monday, 15th March with Liverpool visiting Wolverhampton Wanderers at 9pm on SuperSport Premier League. Don’t miss the 2020-21 football season on DStv and GOtv, visit SuperSport to find out more matches scheduled for the weekend.