Apple plans to establish a European silicon design centre in Munich, Germany, and invest more than €1 billion ($1.2 billion) over the next three years in expanding its team there and in research and development. The company also plans to move into the 30,000-square-meter (98,400-square-foot) facility near central Munich in late 2022 and sets to hire hundreds of people, the tech company said in a statement, recently. “I couldn’t be more excited for everything our Munich engineering teams will discover — from exploring the new frontiers of 5G technology, to a new generation of technologies that bring power, speed, and connectivity to the world,” Tim Cook, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) said in the statement. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Munich is already Apple’s largest engineering hub in Europe, with close to 1,500 engineers from 40 countries working in areas including power management design, application processors, and wireless technologies. The area around the Bavarian capital is a hub for chip development, with the Fraunhofer Group for Microelectronics, one of Europe’s major semiconductor-based technology research institutes, based in Munich and longtime Apple partner Infineon Technologies located in the region. Volkswagen Hikes Battery Cell Demand In EV Expansion Renault To Build New Models For Mitsubishi In Europe The new facility will be home to Apple’s growing cellular unit, and Europe’s largest R&D site for mobile wireless semiconductors and software, Apple said. The expansion follows a $600 million deal struck by Apple with Anglo-German chip designer Dialog Semiconductor in 2018 to bring in-house the teams designing the main power chips used in its iPhone and other devices. A shortage of semiconductors, which have a supply chain that is difficult to adjust quickly, has hit several industries including automotive as companies underestimated consumer demand during the pandemic. Apple is reported to be accelerating plans for a self-driving car, adding multiple former Tesla executives in recent months and ramping up road tests.