LAFIA – Shehu Abdulrahman, the Vice Chancellor of Federal University Lafia (FULafia), has on Tuesday threatened to expel any student involved in misconduct, unpleasant behaviours in the institution. The Vice Chancellor stated this during the 2019/2020 matriculation of academic session held at University in Lafia the state capital. Prof Abdulrahman said the University have zero tolerance for any form of misconduct, adding that they not hesitate to sanction unpleasant behaviours by any students in the institution HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The Vice further implore students to show respect to their colleagues and staff in the university to make their stay in the school fruitful and productive. Prof Abdulrahman said, “The University was on its path to becoming world-class centre of excellence which will run on a business template to achieve the standards that would prepare students for lucrative job markets and entrepreneurs with various mechanism being put in place to attain the feat. NSCDC Parades 9 Telecommunication Vandalism Suspects In Kano 20 Ships Discharge Petroleum Products, Other Items At Lagos Ports He charged the students to make use of the best opportunity afforded them by their parents / guardians and shun all forms of deviant behaviours and other vices that will destroy their academic pursuits. “Be reminded that the oath taken by you today is to be obedient to the Vice- Chancellor, all those in authority and to be good conduct throughout your stay in the university. Please be warned that a breach of the oath will attract appropriate sanctions. “Be modest and decent in your dressing and approach to issues and adhere strictly to the rules and regulations enshrined in the students’ handbook,” he said. He, however, assured of adequate security on the two campuses of the university and called on the general public to report any suspicious activities to appropriate authorities.