LAGOS – Information gathered by Daily Independent has revealed that Prof. Sani Mashi, the Director-Gener­al of the Nigerian Meteo­rological Agency (NiMET), has been sacked by Sen. Hadi Sirika, the Minister of Aviation. A source close to the Ministry of Aviation re­vealed to Daily Indepen­dent over the weekend that Mashi was given the boot on Thursday. The former Direc­tor-General, it was gath­ered, was in the NiMET office on Friday to pack his personal effects from the office to which he was appointed in February 2017 with a five-year ten­ure, which was expected to elapse in 2022, but renew­able for another term. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The ministry source told Daily Independent that Mashi had been a visitor to the Economic and Finan­cial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in Abuja in the past six months, visiting the an­ti-crime commission every Friday. According to the minis­try source, some top per­sonnel in NiMET, including one Muktar Sirika, young­er brother to Sen. Sirika, appointed in 2015 to a Grade Level 17 in charge of Pro­tocols in NiMET, were not comfortable with some transactions in the agency by Mashi. Gov. Uzodimma Decries Existence Of Ghost Workers On Imo’s Payroll Grammy Awards: FG Congratulates Burna Boy, Wizkid This, it was gathered, prompted them to write a petition against Mashi to the EFCC, which Sirika eventually used to nail the professor who, Daily Inde­pendent gathered, was, like Sirika, also nursing gover­norship ambition in 2023 in Katsina State. A director in NiMET was mentioned in the Mashi case. Daily Independent learnt that Mashi is also married to one of Mamman Dau­ra’s daughters, a nephew to President Muhammadu Buhari. A source said this was the connection that gave him the NiMET job and that he was never a candidate of Sirika’s from the outset. Besides, some of the ac­cusations against Mashi, which Sirika used to nail him, included issues over COVID-19 funds approved for NiMET by the govern­ment, depletion of the internally generated rev­enues (IGR) of the agency, and alleged singlehanded award of contracts to the tune of N30 million and above without recourse to extant rules. The source said: “Mashi has been sent packing. He has been visiting the EFCC in the past six months. “The minister eventual­ly sacked him last Thursday and he was in the office on Friday to pick his personal effects. “Another of his offences is that he’s nursing the same political ambition as Sirika. “Don’t forget that the two of them are from Katsina. Mashi wants to be the next governor of Katsina as Siri­ka. “He has amassed enough money to contest the posi­tion in 2023 and he doesn’t hide his ambition.” However, another source from NiMET told Daily In­dependent on Sunday that Sirika already had two can­didates to fill up the position of Mashi in acting capacity, but can only choose one of the two. A NiMET source said one Prof. Mataju, a General Manager, Climate Services in NiMET, and another pro­fessor from Katsina were be­ing pencilled down to take over the position. When our correspondent contacted Muntari Ibrahim, the General Manager, Pub­lic Affairs, NiMET, he de­clined to comment. Ibrahim told our corre­spondent that he had been out of office for a few days and could only confirm the development on Monday when he would resume. Also, Dr. James Odaudu, the Director, Media and Publicity, didn’t respond to the phone calls made to his mobile line on the issue.