LAGOS  – As the patronage of Point of Sale (PoS) operators continues to rise, there are reports of fraudulent activities orchestrated by some scammers who fleece unsuspecting bank customers of their cash through deceptive methods. A recent report revealed how some of the PoS operators and even those who pretend to be customers waiting for transactions would pretend to be making a phone calls while distracting genuine customers’ attention to take pictures of their ATM card details. Already, some people are falling into the hands of the fraudulent individuals who pretend to either be operators of PoS service or customers. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The fraudsters use the card details which include the 16 digit number and authorisation code to gain unlimited access to victims’ accounts and begin to withdraw cash, order things online, recharge phones with airtime, among other transactions. Another source also disclosed that some PoS machines are now being deployed by scammers. The new PoS, according to the source, can store customers’ information even after transactions are carried out and the card removed. The PoS can retain the information for future use to defraud the original owners of the ATM card. Nigeria’s Future Lies In Her Youth, Revd Pam Tells YOWICAN Revelation Church Of Jesus Christ Expands During COVID, Beyond Though not all PoS operators or customers have this tendency to defraud, but customers using PoS for transaction are advised to patronise operators that are well known to them and trustworthy. A lot of people have been falling victim to this scam by some of these fraudulent operators who, if one is not observant enough, their money would just be emptied from their bank account. What is so disturbing about this is that, most people would be oblivious of the scammers’ tricks and start blaming and disturbing their banks. PoS operators usually have a way of having access to some of their victims’ accounts without necessarily passing through the banks’ platforms. Speaking with Daily Independent, Bridget Iyama in Lagos said she had had a painful experience with a PoS operator which was later resolved after several weeks. According to her, “I was travelling to Benin City when I realised I needed extra cash for my journey. At the garage, I approached a PoS operator to withdraw some cash. I gave him my ATM card. While waiting for him to insert it into the machine, I was distracted by the vehicle driver who was hurrying me up. “I was surprised when the PoS operator told me that the transaction could not be completed because of poor network. I pleaded with the driver and the rest of the passenger to wait for me to try another one nearby. Luckily, I was able to make a withdrawal. But shortly after our bus left Lagos, I started receiving alerts of transactions I never made. It was then it dawned on me that something must have happened to my ATM card. “Notwithstanding, I went to my bank to lodge complaint, but was told that my ATM card details must have been compromised. Since then, I have been very careful with the PoS operators I patronise, since it is still less stressful than going to banks’ ATM which are known for regular queues.” Another source disclosed the deployment of scamming PoS machine hackers and coders that do not need ATM card’s PIN details to perform transactions. The method of operation of the machine users is to get closer to an ATM card of the victim. The PoS which may be hidden in a bag will automatically access the card chip and detect the card details. It can easily copy the bank details and withdraw money from the ATM account holder without a PIN. Speaking with Daily Independent, Tunde Ogungbade, Managing Director, Global Accelerex, said people need to be more vigilant now than before because of the dynamics of technology. “As people are coming up with innovations, there are others who are bent to frustrate the benefits of such innovations. PoS is very useful to us, but people need to be more vigilant these days because of the desperation of others to make it quick. Protection of personal sensitive information, especially bank details should not be compromised,” he said. Also commenting on the development, Ernest Uduje, Managing Director and CEO, Itex Integrated Services, stressed the need for Nigerians to be more careful with their ATM cards and other related information. According to him, “There is nothing much that can be done to prevent the scammers from hacking into people’s account than for customers to be careful with their information. The fact is that, the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has issued the guidelines which can help prevent bank customers from being scammed. Unfortunately, not many people are observing these guidelines some of which are protection of PIN number, not writing the PIN where people can easily access, and not saving PIN or card details on phone.” On his part, Alafiatayo Salu, Head, Switching and PTSP, Xpress Payment Solution Limited, said the PoS machines are quite secured, but that people get defrauded if their ATM cards and bank details are compromised. “I think the main reason why people are being scammed is because of ignorance. There is need for more enlightenment on how bank customers can protect themselves from being scammed. Many people who are victims of the financial fraudsters exposed their bank details and information to those who ought not to have access to them. Until there is adequate awareness on how to keep these sensitive information, the cases of financial scam through PoS or any other channel will continue to rise,” Salu stated. In Nigeria, PoS transactions hit N3.20 trillion in 2019 with an increased value of transactions done across its channels from N1.14 trillion recorded between January and May 2019 to N1.64 trillion within the same period in 2020. According to Nigeria Inter-Bank Settlement System (NIBSS) report, it implies that the total value of transactions from PoS machines rose by N500 billion, which represents a 43.8% increase in five months. The total volume of PoS transactions also increased from 152.6 million to 228.86 million within the period under review. According to NIBSS report, the total value of transactions from PoS machines rose by N500 billion, which represents a 43.8% increase in five months. The total volume of PoS transactions also increased from 152.6 million to 228.86 million within the period under review.