As EKOUNIMED Matriculates 36 Students The founder and proprietor of Eko University of Medical and Health Sciences (EKOUNIMED) Ijanikin, Lagos, Dr. Ibraheem Ayodele Hammed has declared that Nigeria is grossly deficient in the supply of medical doctors. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! The seasoned medical scientist cum scholar made this declaration while giving his welcome address at the matriculation of thirty-six new students into EKOUNIMED on Thursday, March 11, 2021, in Lagos. According to the well-traveled medical veteran, one may be tempted to think that the already existing 34 medical schools across the country are enough training institutions to train upcoming medical practitioners to service the medical needs of Nigerians. Dantata Awards Scholarships To 100 Indigent Kano Students Nigeria’s Covid-19 Death Surpass 2000 Dr. Hammed, however, dismissed this notion  with statistical backing; explaining that: “Based on our current population of about 200 million, with a 3.5% annual growth rate from the 2006 census (National Population Commission, 2017), our country is grossly deficient in medical doctors and other health professionals including pharmacists, physiotherapists, nurses, laboratory scientists, etc. ” Our health manpower level is so poor that the latest World Health Organisation (WHO) performance rating places Nigeria 187th out of 191 nations!” This, according to the Septuageanarian medic, is far from the WHO recommendation of a minimum of one doctor to 600 patients. He disclosed rather alarmingly that Nigeria has a ratio of one doctor to 6,000 patients. He, therefore, projected that Nigeria still needs more than 303, 000 doctors to meet the WHO standard, and at least 10,605 new doctors annually to join the workforce. He further exposed that out of the 72,000 registered doctors in the country, only 35,000 are in active practice and more than 50% are in the diaspora. “At the current annual production of about 3000-3500 doctors in the country, it would take nearly a hundred years to produce enough medical doctors for our needs! All medical institutions in the country are only capable of admitting, between 10-15%, of the qualified candidates every year”; the medical scholar asserted. Meanwhile, no fewer than thirty-six young men and women matriculated as new students of Eko University of Medical and Health Sciences (EKOUNIMED) Ijanikin, Lagos on Thursday. The matriculation is the second in the history of the private-owned prestigious, medical university promising a bakery of globally rated future medics. Further in his welcome address at the event, the elated Dr. Ibraheem Ayodele Hammed the founder and proprietor of Eko University of Medical and Health Sciences (EKOUNIMED) stated the vision and mission of the university thus: ‘The Vision of this university is to be a world-class institution for the medical and other health professions in terms of learning, research, character building and service to humanity. “The Mission of the university is to provide all-embracing health education and services through the production of world-class, resourceful and competent physicians, dentists, nursing, pharmacists and other healthcare providers; who will be equipped to deliver the cutting edge promotive, preventive and specialized medical and other health-related education and practices. According to the consummate medical scientist and veteran medical researcher stated that the  EkoUNIMED has secured approval from appropriate government-appointed agencies to run all programmes in the following medical and health fields:• Faculty of Basic Medical Sciences• Faculty of Clinical Sciences• Faculty of Community Medicine and Primary Health Care• Faculty of Pharmaceutical Sciences• Faculty of Dentistry• Faculty of Nursing The Septuagenarian proprietor assured that the University is doing well in the hands of very seasoned academics and administrators; adding:t “We already have a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with high-brow practical medical establishments such as the reputable EKO HOSPITAL, Ikeja, and Alimosho State General Hospital serving as Teaching hospitals to EKOUNIMED while the Institute of Medical Research, Yaba, Lagos serves as its Teaching and Research Partner. Hammed further informed that EKOUNIMED is currently under the full medical education mentorship of the University of Lagos (UNILAG) as approved and being coordinated by the National Universities Commission (NUC), Abuja with the statutory oversight monitoring of Nigeria Medical Council. The tested medical don concluded EKOUNIMED was established to bridge the gap and ameliorate the frustration of Nigerian youths, who though qualified, but could not secure admission. “I was motivated to establish this University to bring the best of American medical education with which I was involved for more than four decades. It will consequently assist in promoting quality modern medical delivery for a people ravaged by myriads of diseases and poverty where the rich travel outside the country to receive some basic medical treatment”; he enthused.