Lagos- Tolulope Oke, a creative and innovative actress, has produced a new film titled, “Cookie Spot”. Cookie Spot, according to her, is a reflection about life. The new movie teaches hope and inspires the audience that they can make it despite all odds. According to Tolu,” I believe in hope and I tried to project life and its possibilities.” HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Cookie Spot, as she aptly puts it, is a story of survival and that wherever you find yourself, there is always a means of survival. The storyline focused on women and while challenging women to be the best wherever they are, she says: “There is the need for women to support one another. The young women should see the bigger picture of whatever they are doing. Possibilities are endless in life.” #LandLadyNengi: BBNaija Star, Nengi Buys New House D’Banj’s CREAM Platform Set To Give Away Millions Of Naira, Brand New Cars “Whatever you are doing, you should not give up. You can always be a better person wherever you are. You should learn to survive in a way that will add value to others”. Tolulope believes Cookie Spot will challenge every young lady out there and women generally should have the strong will to succeed against all the odds in life. While speaking about the movie industry, the actress believes the industry is improving as it is on the world map already. That, according to her, is very encouraging and that Nigerians in diaspora can watch movies without getting the CD’s across to them. She is delighted that now, there are several platforms that people showcase their talents. She stated that ideas rule the world and urged the industry to seek ways to develop the society. Tolulope wants tradition and culture to be showcased more in a positive way in the movies. “There are some perspectives that should be changed in the storylines. The voodoo aspects give people some wrong impression that anything can happen. In the real sense of it, selling our culture makes us unique but it should be done appropriately. Our culture should be projected positively not only about voodoo.” “The industry should always seek societal upliftment and project positive values. There are several innovative values that can impact the society”, she concluded. The actress, who studied Sociology form the University of Lagos as her first degree also obtained a Diploma in Dramtic Arts from the Obafemi Aolowo University, Ife. She joined the Movie industry in 2005/2006 but started fully 2011/2012 when she featured in Awure Eni produced by Muhideen Oladapo. Ibrahim Chatta and Moji Olaiya were also part of the movie too. She has featured in over 20 movies including Dazzling Mirage by Tunde Kelani, Jennifer Diary and Induststreet by Scene one TV owned by Funke Akindele.