Shina Philips, the initiator and President of the prestigious Nigeria Pitch Awards (NPA) has congratulated Mr. Amaju Pinnick, the President of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) on his election into the highest decision making organ of the Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA). In a statement released in Lagos Mr. Philips described the election of Pinnick as historic and momentous. ‘Pinnick’s election into the FIFA Council is both historic and momentous. He is only the third Nigerian in the nation’s history to serve in the FIFA Council formerly known as FIFA Executive Committee’, Philips said. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Pinnick’s victory at the well televised polls will see him serve as one of six African representatives at the highest level of world football administration. He is joined by Mamoutou Toure (Mali), Hany Abou Rida (Egypt), Marthurin De Chacus (Benin), Aisha Johansen (Sierra Leone) and Fouzi Lekjaa (Morocco). Pinnick is a two-time winner of the highly competitive Sam Okwaraji Award for Commitment to Nigeria Football on the platform of NOC Commends Alumnus, Major Timipre Okou Makinde Reward: How WBF Champion Escaped Death From Gunmen Attack the NPA. Philips expressed confidence in Pinnick’s ability to make invaluable contributions towards transforming world football just as he has done to Nigerian football. ‘As organizers of Nigeria’s longest running football awards, we have worked with Mr. Pinnick and we have implicit confidence in his ability to make Nigeria proud at FIFA. We will continue to support him and the NFF as they work towards making Nigeria a more visible player in world football’, Philips further said. Philips and the entire team of the NPA thanked President Muhammadu Buhari and Mr. Sunday Dare, the Minister of Sports for their support and contributions towards making Pinnick’s election a success. He urged all Nigerians to support him as he flies the nation’s flag with pride at FIFA. Meanwhile, the NFF has described as untrue, a report in sections of the media that Pinnick was selected as 5th Vice President of the Confederation of African Football (CAF) at Friday’s 43rd Ordinary and Elective Assembly in Rabat, Morocco. NFF General Secretary, Dr Mohammed Sanusi said the report was sheer falsehood as such was never even discussed either on the floor of the Congress or at any meeting of the CAF leadership. “Pinnick was elected as Member of the FIFA Council at the Congress, and that is what we are celebrating. Nobody approached him or put it up for discussion at any forum that he would be 5th Vice President. “Pinnick served as the 1st Vice President of CAF for a year, between 2018 and 2019, before the former leadership of CAF opted not to renew his tenure,” said Sanusi.