ABUJA  – The House of Representatives on Wednesday prohibited the Federal Government from proceeding to spend the sum of £4.2 million to be returned by the United Kingdom. This is even as the minority caucus, while briefing the House of Representatives’ correspondents on the issue, alleged that the said funds were under-declared, saying that reliable intelligence fixed the sum at £6.2 million. The House, in its resolutions on the matter at Wednesday’s plenary, urged the Federal Ministry of Finance to stop forthwith further appropriation or disbursement of the said money, pending the final determination of the matter by the House. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! It requested the Federal Ministry of Finance and Attorney General of the Federation to furnish the House with all particulars relating to the said money. The House also directed its Committee on Finance, Justice and Loans and Recovered Funds to investigate this matter and revert to it within two weeks. Group Launches ‘Reducing The Impact Of COVID-19’ Project In Yobe Nigeria’s Future Lies In Her Youth, Revd Pam Tells YOWICAN These resolutions followed a motion of urgent public importance on the matter, brought by Ndudi Elumelu, Minority Leader of the House, and nine others. Gov. Nasir El-Rufai on Wednesday received the Kaduna State 2020 Annual Security Report, in which 937 people were said to have been killed by bandits and 1,972 kidnapped within the period. The state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, presented the report at a ceremony in Kaduna. According to Aruwan, victims of the kidnapping, banditry and other criminal activities cut across all ethnic and religious groups in the state, contrary to skewed narratives from some quarters. “Victims of criminal acts like banditry and kidnapping are to be found across ethnic, religious or political leanings and persuasions,” he pointed out. The commissioner said the total number of deaths linked to banditry and other forms of violence in 2020 in the state was 937. “Of this number, Igabi LGA has the highest figure of 152, followed by Kajuru with a figure of 144.” He added that Birnin Gwari, Igabi, Giwa and Chikun local government areas in Kaduna Central Senatorial District accounted for 468 of the deaths out of the 937 people that died in 2020, representing over 50% of the fatalities recorded in the state.  