ADO-EKITI-  Mrs. Omolayo Adaranijo, single mother of the 15-year-old students of Senior Secondary School student, Ayomide Adaranijo who was shot recently in Ado-Ekiti has called for government’s assistance in her matter. The victim, who is in critical condition is receiving treatment at the Ekiti State University Teaching Hospital (EKSUTH), Ado Ekiti for the multiple gun shot wounds she sustained in the hands of unknown assailants. Reliving the ugly incident, Mrs. Adaranijo who described the day as one of her saddest in her life told journalists how her little promising girl was shot right in her presence. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! She said, “I was at Basiri junction around 7.56pm on that day, when a motorbike carrying a man clad in Agbada attire parked nearby and opened fire on my daughter”. She said the assailant escaped from the scene through the standby motorbike and left her daughter in the pool of her own blood. Guinness Presents e-Learning App To FRSC To Tackle Drink-Driving Marketers React To PPPRA’s New Template, Jack Up Price To N212 In Abuja Mrs. Adaranijo who spoke in emotion laden voice disclosed that it took the help of some good Samaritans who rushed the injured girl  to the hospital. The 45-year old  single parent,  who hailed from Agbado Ekiti, Gbonyin local government of Ekiti State, added that  the people at the junction, numbering eight, had to scamper for safety, when the man fired the gunshots four times and hit her daughter. She said: “I have a small shop at NOVA junction at Basiri where I sell some wares. I had closed that day, it was around 7.56pm and we were looking for motorbike  to take us to Ifesowapo, Better life, Basiri area where I live, when this man just alighted from Okada and shot my daughter.” “The Doctors and Nurses on duty at the emergency section did a good job, if not, I had already presumed her death. They quickly worked on her and removed the pellets from her stomach, breast and arms.” “The younger children had gone home that day maybe the issue could have been worse than that. I still couldn’t fathom why she should be the one to be shot  In the midst of about eight  people at the scene.” “I came to Ado Ekiti from Ibadan less than two years ago after breaking up with her father.  I don’t have crisis with anybody, so this still remains a mystery to me.” “My daughter is a very gentle and studious person, she doesn’t engage in discussion with people let alone hurting them. I want this matter investigated thoroughly, so that the perpetrator can be brought to justice”. Mrs. Adaranijo, said the family has spent over N150,000 borrowed from people to pay for the bills incurred on her operation while still indebted to the hospital. She added that the operation and post-surgery treatments as well as  drugs would gulp as much as N500,000 to keep Ayomide on her feet, which she couldn’t afford due to poor economic situation as she  unilaterally caters for four children as a single parent. She regretted that the incident had deprived Ayomide of completing the ongoing registration for 2021 West African Examinations Council(WAEC). “The family is hugely indebted to EKSUTH and we are still buying drugs. A medical expert said we will spend over   N500,000 before she can be fit to return to school.  Where would I get such money with my present situation?” “I want the  government and well meaning Nigerians to help me”, she pleaded. Mrs Adaranijo said she had reported the case at  the Divisional Police Station located at the new Iyin road, Ado Ekiti . When contacted, the Police Public Relations Officer, Ekiti Command, ASP Sunday Abutu, confirmed the incident, saying investigations would unveil the mystery behind the shooting. “Investigations have begun into the incident. We are looking at all possibilities and every  angle to the case. The investigations will be  thorough and expanded, because we need to get to the root of why the gunman targeted such a young girl.” “We are assuring the public that the perpetrator won’t escape justice”, Abutu stated. Mrs. Adaranijo can be reached via: 08034646410.”