LAGOS  – Leadway Assurance Company Limited has a long and interesting beginning spanning over five decades, from a humble brokerage firm to a multinational to a market leader managing individuals and corporate risks with subsidiaries playing in other financial markets, properties, real estate among others. The evolution of the insurance Company in 1970 has mirrored the dramatic expansion of indigenous insurance service providers, with the company maintaining a lead and remaining in the forefront as an insurer of repute. The reputation enjoyed today by Leadway was attained by the continuing pursuit of improvements to maintain a competitive advantage with all aspects of its business approached with discipline; the recruitment of staff, the development of products, the advancement of technologies and the personal service offered to each client. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Suffice to say that Leadway’s financial strength to contain the risk of losses that they have agreed to bear is equal to none in the insurance market space. Records made available to our correspondent indicates a seamless and timely claims processes and procedures with claims processed and paid between 24hours and a period of one week depending on the amount involved. FBNInsurance, STI, Saham Unitrust, Leadway Make List Of Best Claims-Paying Insurers Saham Unitrust Insurance: Spearheading Claims Settlement Revolution With one of the largest chunk of reserves against future claims, the Company prides itself with adequate backup necessary to ensure that even claims of very high magnitude are settled by spreading the assumed financial burdens in an organised market for help and protection against catastrophes. Leadway Assurance Company Limited was incorporated as a limited liability company in 1970 and started business operation the following year. The Company’s business operation started in Kaduna and later spread to other parts of the federation. Presently, Leadway has over 24 branch offices with Kaduna serving as the registered office and Lagos, the corporate office. 