ABUJA – Members of the Parliamen­tary Staff Association of Nigeria (PASAN) from var­ious state Houses of Assem­bly on Tuesday stormed the National Assembly Complex in Abuja to demand full im­plementation of financial autonomy for the state Leg­islature. The protesters, who over­whelmed the National As­sembly security operatives attached to the main gate of the building chased them away following an altercation that ensued between them. The group expressed dis­may over the action of the Nigerian Governors’ Forum (NGF) aimed at frustrating the implementation of fi­nancial autonomy for state Houses of Assembly.The pro­testers had taken the security men unaware, arriving at the main gate of the complex in their numbers and chanting anti-government slogans. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Some of the policemen, Civil Defence Corps and Ser­geant-at-Arm stationed at the entrance initially prevented the protesters from gaining access when they were told that a representative of the Senate President and Speak­er was on his way to address them. But the situation took a new dimension when the pro­testers forcibly broke into the gate and chased away all the security operatives after they had waited for hours. Julius Berger Accomplishes Record Project Deliveries In Port Harcourt IWD: Time Is Right For Nigerian Women To Produce President Or Deputy –CTA The protesters, having run out of patience, resolved to put an end to further delays in the implementation of the financial autonomy for State Houses of Assembly. The Zonal Vice President, South-West, Adu-Peters Olusegun, said the group was at the National Assem­bly to seek the audience of the leadership on the need to speed up the implementation of the law. According to him, “We are talking of Executive Order 10 signed by the President of the Federal Republic of Ni­geria, wherein among other things, the independence of the Legislature in terms of financial autonomy where the Houses of Assembly will not go cap-in-hands to the governors to seek for finan­cial favour or curry favour for that matter.”