“I am beginning to wonder how many fools it takes to make the term ‘My fellow citizens.” – Honore de Balzac, 1799-1850, in LOST ILLUSIONS. On Saturday, February 27, 2021, the headlines were almost all the same in the national newspapers. “Outrage, protests, greet abduction of 317 Zamfara school girls.” Just before, school boys from Niger State were abducted by another set of bandits and were in captivity in the forest starving in another state. In January, another gang of bandits had invaded Katsina State and carried away boys in President Buhari’s own state. By now, even the village idiot knows what sages knew before the election of 2019. Self-deluded and deceived Nigerians had re-elected General Buhari who was no longer half the man he used to be when in the army. Our national leader is now the classic definition of a paper tiger. He now only terrifies kids and the naturally faint-hearted. As our National Chief Security Officer, he is absolutely impotent. “A leader is best/when people barely knows he exists….Worst when they despise him.’ Lao-tsy, 6th century Chinese philosopher. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Northern bandits now have such disdain for the Commander-In-Chief of the Nigerian armed Forces; they have demonstrated it in every way possible. Take a look at the map below and the figures accompanying it and you might just be able to begin to understand the blunder Nigerians made by re-electing two people in 2019 – President Buhari and Governor El-Rufai of Kaduna state. Re-electing the two leaders has been deadly for everybody – but especially those directly living in their states. Buhari comes from the North-West. So, the analysis of the sordid figures starts from there. Nigerians can then decide for themselves if they did not ask for these calamities. To understand how totally worthless it is now for the C-I-C to come from the Northern region and from the North-West one only has to ponder the following data derived from the map. A Federal State In A Troubled Nation (2) Ikpeazu: Adeyemi’s Verbal Thuggery “If you are looking for trouble; you’ve come to the right place.” That was the sign posted on the front panel of a bar in Kansas City during America’s days of Wild Wild West. It is an appropriate warning to be posted on the entrance to every state in the North-West. At the rate homicides were committed, 254 per week or annual rate of 13,200, our President’s zone accounted for 47.5 percent; or almost half. The Northern region was responsible for 80.3 percent; the South less than 20 percent. That tells the readers all they need to know about Buhari, who cannot protect his state, his zone and his region; but pretends to be ready to defend the rest of us. It is pertinent to point out that his political god-son, El-Rufai of Kaduna state, is leading his own formerly peaceful state into hell literally. Once regarded as intelligent by superficial media commentators, El-Rufai’s Kaduna accounts for 26.8 per cent of all homicides recorded. That is more than all the seventeen Southern states combined. You call that intelligent? Then let us have your definition of a misfit in high office. For me the most painful aspect of our present predicament lies in the fact that “My Fellow Nigerians”, mostly fools, were warned to avoid re-electing Buhari and El-Rufai otherwise disaster will follow. But, “those who the gods will destroy, first, they make them deaf…” If you voted for one or both of them, then count yourself among those who brought the current calamities on Nigeria. In an ironic twist of fate, the states which gave Buhari the largest votes– Borno, Kaduna, Katsina, Niger and Zamfara – are the ones feeling the heat the most. That is their just reward for electing an old general, retired and very tired, as the nation’s C-I-C. They have not seen anything. From past prophecies which have now come true, permit me to serve three today: NEXT LEVEL IS PURE ANARCHY, EL-RUFAI MUST GO and FINAL APPEAL BEFORE VOTING. Excerpts from the three articles reveal that some of us have warned Nigerians against the tragedies we now experience on a daily basis without a leader vigorous enough to deal with the situation. For a start, Northern education has been set back at least twenty years. Even before repeated abduction by bandits, the region was way behind the South and in the dark ages by global standards. Henceforth, getting the children to attend school will become a mission impossible. Yet, it is already well established that the easiest way to destroy a people is to destroy its education as the Northern bandits are now doing to their people. Even the barbarians in history avoided such atrocities. They destroyed houses, raped women, carried away loot. But, they did not touch the educational institutions existing. When the APC leaders went about mouthing their usually deceptive slogan – NEXT LEVEL – in 2018-9, this was my observation. Next Level Is Pure Anarchy “The Katsina State Government has cancelled all activities lined up for the inauguration ceremony of the new administration in the state.” – PUNCH, May 24, 2019, p 2. The government gave its reasons. “The decision on a low-key celebration was taken following the unfortunate incessant attacks by bandits in some areas of the state which led to the death of many people and left several others injured or homeless.” Katsina, it needs to be repeated, is Buhari’s own state. Unless charity no longer begins at home, we have the scary scenario of a leader who cannot defend his own home assuring the rest of us of our safety. Anarchy is here. When Buhari is sworn in on May 29, 2019 for his second term (which cannot end soon enough for me) his state would have been on record for posterity as the first state to succumb to the dictates of hoodlums – now called bandits.” Long before that, I had warned the people of Kaduna state about their governor before the 2019 elections. They did not listen. It does not matter now to the dead or the homeless and hopeless whether they listened. Everybody is suffering from having El-Rufai as the governor. Expect more deaths and misery before 2023. Below is what was written about El-Rufia in 2017. “El-Rufai had never hidden his disdain for anybody who is not Fulani and Sunni Muslim. And, his actions and utterances since becoming the Governor of Kaduna State had proved beyond reasonable doubt that he is not prepared to be the governor of all the diverse ethnic, religious and cultural groups co-existing in the state. He cares only for the inhuman terrorists, the murderers, arsonists and pyromaniacs he unilaterally dresses up in the human gab of “Fulani herdsmen”. As everybody who had lived with the Fulani knows very well, real Fulani herdsmen are not terrorists, murderers or pyromaniacs. Those invading Southern Kaduna, and who are compensated by El-Rufai, are world class sadists who drink human blood. That is why others more honest than El-Rufai had labelled them the fourth deadliest terrorist group in the world.” The final warning was issued a week before the Presidential elections in 2019. There was no doubt in my mind that Nigerians will regret re-electing Buhari. Read the prophecy ignored. Just before you vote. This final appeal to Nigerian voters reading this particular article has become necessary because no election in our history has ever created the sense of fear and expectation as this one. Something strange happened on Monday, February 11, 2019. President Buhari and the Vice President were in Ogun State, presumed to be one of the safe states for the All Progressives Congress, APC. APC governs the state; Governor Amosun is supposed to be one of Buhari’s closest political associates and the Vice President is from the state. Surprisingly, the outing was a total embarrassment to the President, to the Chairman and the National Leader of the APC, who were verbally assaulted (ole, ole meaning thief, thief) before the missiles started flying in the direction of the leaders. Security agencies had to stand in front of Buhari to prevent the President getting hit by stones and pure water sachets. All these occurred at a campaign rally attended by APC supporters – meaning political friends. With such friends, it is doubtful if Buhari needs any more enemies. Now they are engaging in what APC does best. They are attempting to convince us against the evidence provided by our eyes.” Nigerians are our own worst enemies. We elect the most dangerous people into high office and watch helplessly as they destroy our country. Now we are stuck for the nest twenty seven months with Buhari and El-Rufai. God help us. On Abduction Of Girls In Zamfara School “Zamfara abduction’ll be the last, Buhari assures.” – News Report, March1, 2021. It was just as well it was March 1. if it was April 1, I would have regarded it as an April Fool’s joke. If you believe that, you will believe anything.