Congratutes VP Osinbajo At 64 Governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC) have decried level of malnutrition especially among children under age five, and have resolved to implement frameworks to tackle growing maternal and child malnutrition in states governed by the APC. Rising from a virtual meeting last Thursday, Secretaries to State Governments controlled by the All Progressives Congress (APC) lament as worrisome the wasting and stunting among children in their states and declare commitment “to promoting essential nutrient fortified foods and supplements for children under the ages of 5 and nursing mothers”. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! It also resolved to approve six months maternity leave and exclusive breastfeeding in their domain to ensure better care for infants and their mothers in APC states The meeting which was declared open by Plateau State governor and Courage -Chairman of the PGF Governance Steering Committee Simon Bako Lalong, also resolved to develop framework and template for effective communication of strategies to raise public awareness and transform public attitudes towards issues related to malnutrition and its effects on the Child and nursing mothers”. BREAKING: [Video] Ogun Receives 100,000 Dozes Of COVID-19 Vaccines FG Partners Nile University In Production Of The meeting according to statement signed Adamu Fanini and Prof Danlami Still, respectively SSG of Jigawa and Plateau States, among other things review proposal submitted to it by PGF Director General, Salisu Lukman on the implementation of the framework. The progressive governors have been working on strategies to develop and implement uniform policies in a APC controlled States. Meanwhile the progressive governors has felicitated with VP Yemi Osinbajo as he turned 64years. The forum showered encomium on VP Osinbajo for exampary leadership. “We commend your leadership, vision, commitment and loyalty to our nation and to President Muhammadu Buhari. We are confident that we will be able to resolve our national challenges and move our country, Nigeria, forward with your dedicated service to our APC led Federal Government under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari. “We wish you a happy birthday and also say a big thank you for your selfless service to our dear country. We reaffirm our commitment to continue to work with the Federal Government with the abiding faith and belief that the initiatives of our APC Federal Government will meet all the expectations of Nigerians”. the message was signed by the chairman of the forum, and governor of Kebbi State, Atiku Bagudu.