Chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party, King Okuneye has extolled the virtues of Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State, stating that he is a paradigm of political leadership  Okuneye in a press statement on Monday said that Makinde has won the hearts of both the young and old in and outside politics across the divide with noiseless but purposeful rejig of Nigeria’s polity, through infrastructural remold of the State.   The PDP leader said, “Makinde is one of the few governors in Nigeria today and most especially in the PDP doing great things, changing the political landscape with genuine people oriented policies and actions.  He added, “I make bold to say that a thoroughbred model of Yoruba ‘Omoluabi’ has indeed emerged. Our youths have no excuse not to do the right thing even in face of intimidation and political gerrymandering. If Seyi Makinde has done it, then you too can do it. SM as he is fondly called by his admirers, followers and even detractors, will leave no stone unturned to restore the glory of PDP. He clearly blaze the trails when we talk of somebody in politics to serve, unlike a few persona none grata in Southwest, who are all out for greed laced pecuniary gains. The PDP leader maintained that going by the governor’s antecedents; he was convinced and pledged maximum support and unwavering commitment to the party’s symbol- “Engineer Seyi Makinde”. Okuneye stressed that Makinde’s politicking has been adjured as a very unique sample of qualitative leadership that is worthy of emulation, pointing out that he was confident that the role he played in repositioning the glory of Yoruba people and restoring their self esteem in the face of deliberate political alienation would be celebrated.   While berating former governor Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti State, who he described as a dissident, he said that all through his tenure, Fayose never allowed fair process in the polity. Okuneye said, “Fayose is thoroughly dazed by someone who is here to ensure that the right thing is done at all times, and that person is none other than SM.”  According to the PDP leader Fayose planned to force his will on the party as in the past but Makinde upholds the sanctity of the party’s constitution, firmly like a trained advocate of justice.  “When the numbers are counted in the political circle, SM holds the ace; the Igangan in Ibarapa community, Fulani herdsmen/Farmers clash is a case that signals he is a governor that does what is right, caring less whose ox is gored. All hail our model of ‘Omo Yoruba Atata (meaning a Yoruba child with charisma). Seeing through him, we can keep hope alive,” Okuneye said.