Salihu Moh. Lukman, Director General of the Progressive Governors Forum ( PGF) has again cautioned organized labour against the use of strong arm tactics to obstruct legitimate function of democratic institutions. Lukman in an opinion piece also observed during the weekend that narratives being spinned by the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) on the suitability or otherwise of moving the minimum wage to the concurrent legislative list vis-a-vis the ILO law was laced with distortions. He said organized labour is undermining the nation’s democracy by seeking to block proposals to amend the constitution regeting that such strong-arm approach does not help the institutions develop needed capacities to address challenges it faced. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Recall that the NLC led other unions to recently stage a protest against at the national assembly over amendment if the relevant provisions “It will amount to undermining our democracy to seek to block consideration of proposals before the National Assembly demanding the transfer of minimum wage to the concurrent legislative list of the 1999 Nigerian Constitution as amended. It is quite disappointing that labour leaders are organising protests and threatening to declare a national strike because the National Assembly is considering a democratic proposal. Abduction Of Students Worries NAWOJ Okowa Congratulates NFF President, Amaju Pinnick On FIFA Seat Victory “Organised labour and NLC leadership in particular need to be reminded that before the bill can become law, it will have to pass democratic stages that can accommodate labour’s demands. “Specifically,the House of Representatives Committee on Labour will have to organise public hearing which will invite the submission of organised labour. “Even if the bill is passed by the House of Representatives after public hearing, it will require the concurrence of the Senate, with another public hearing necessary. Assuming it is passed by both the House of Representatives and the Senate, being a matter requiring Constitutional Amendment, it will have to go to State Assemblies and will need endorsement by at least 24 States House of Assemblies. “Assuming the bill passed through all these stages, it will have to be accented to by the President of the Federal Republic. “There is a wide scope of opening for engagement with the different layers of our democratic structures in the country to win the support of elected representatives to prevent the bill from coming into law.“Instead of exploring how to engage democratic structures and prevent the bill from coming into law, the NLC leadership went to the over drive mode of protest and threats of strike. “ While noting the spirited effort put by labour to get government to pay the N30,000 minimum wage, Lukman expressed doubt whether NLC and its affiliates in the country are implementing the minimum wage of N30,000 for their employees. The DG said the NLC has engaged in deliberate distortions of the ILO Convention No 30 of 1928 insisting that moving minimum wage to the concurrent list does not in any violate the article of the convention. He said ILO convention allow room for flexibility among nations.For instance he in the USA which run similar government as Nigeria individual states and counties differ in the minimum wage they pay to workers Rather than belabor the issue organized labour should work hard to kill the bill during passage or resolve the logjam through the National Labour Advisory Council so as to avoid abuse by states. This process he said will also allow period review putting into account variables of productivity , affordability and living conditions. “If we have NLAC, why can’t we have members agree to all the variables determining minimum wage in the country – productivity, conditions of living and affordability, based on which the national minimum is reviewed on annual basis being the proposed benchmark for the country? ” The National Bureau of. Statistics (NBS), National Salaries, Wages and Income Commission and National Productivity Centre (NPC) can handle the task of providing information about the variables of productivity, cost of living and affordability. With objectively computed information, the process of achieving consensus that highlight the minimum threshold for wages can be handled very effectively. Agreement under NLAC can serve as the federal minimum wage. ” Once agreement is reached at the level of NLAC, a prototype minimum wage bill can be developed and sent to National Economic Council (NEC), chaired by the Vice President of the Federal Republic with Governors of the 36 states as members. Following consideration and adoption by NEC, states can then domesticate provisions of the agreement as contained in the prototype bill based on their peculiar circumstance. “This model was used around 2005 for instance to resolve the challenge of amending our pension law. When the contributory pension law was passed by the National Assembly and accented to by President Olusegun Obasanjo, both unions, employers and state governments were opposed to the new pension law. “But through consultations at the level of NLAC, both labour and employers agreed to a prototype pension bill, modeled based on provisions of the new Pension Act, which was presented to the NEC. Eventually, NEC adopted the prototype pension bill, which was transmitted to all the 36 states. The rest is now history as all states have domesticated the pension act based on their peculiarities” he said .