DAMATURU – Determined to improve information dissemination and public enlightenment on government policies and programmes, the Forum for media chief executives have summoned a meeting on Tuesday at the Sunshine FM Radio Station in Potiskum, Yobe State. in his opening remarks, the Chairman of the Forum, Ahmed Aliyu, who is also the General Manager of the Nigerian Television Authority (NTA) Damaturu, said that the Forum is an umbrella body of Media Chief Executives with the aid of Civil Society Organizations with the core objectives of promoting government policies and programmes dissemination and Public Enlightenment for the benefit of the citizens. “As you know, the media is the bridge between the Government and the governed, we owe a responsibility of proper information passage in line with the professional calling”. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He used the forum to commend Governor Mai Mala Buni and Abdullahi Bego Commissioner Yobe State Ministry of Home Affairs Information and Culture for their continued support to the media houses in the state. “Everyone could see the ongoing upgrade and transformation at the State media houses, this will go a long way in boosting the morale of the staff as well as improve the services. The Staff too were not left out as series of training are being held to build capacity of the staff”. I Was Not Paid To Defend Abdulrasheed Maina, Witness Tells Court FG Kick-Starts Reforming Of Federal Civil Service He described the meeting as prestigious and influential one to provide the media chief Executives with an opportunity for an open discussions of current prospects, issues and concerns relating to media houses. The meeting was attended by General Managers of Yobe State Television (YTV), Nigerian Television Authority (NTA), Damaturu, Yobe Broadcasting Corporation (YBC), Damaturu, Director National Orientation Agency (NOA), Yobe State, Sunshine FM Radio, Potiskum and Publisher of Indigenous Newspaper in Yobe State among others. The forum after the meeting moved to the Potiskum ancient palace of the Emir of Fika and Chairman Yobe State Council of Traditional Rulers Dr. Muhammad Ibn Abali Muhammad Idrissa for condolence over the death of Prince Adamu Muhammad Ibn Abali Muhammad Idrissa.