The first jab of Astra­Zeneca Coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine has been adminis­tered in Lagos State. The Incident Commander in the State, Governor Babajide San­wo-Olu, kicked off the vaccine rollout programme after he got the first jab of the serum supplied by the Federal Gov­ernment. Sanwo-Olu was vaccinat­ed on Friday afternoon at the Infectious Disease Hospital (IDH) in Yaba, behind the Deputy Incident Commander and Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, who took the first shot. The Deputy Governor, Dr. Obafemi Hamzat, also got the shot of the vaccine. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Speaking after the injection, the Governor corroborated the World Health Organisation (W.H.O), testifying to the safety of the vaccine. He said there was no reason for anyone to panic over the desirability of the in­oculant, while urging frontline workers enrolled in priority list to take shots of the vaccine with­in stipulated period. He said: “I have just re­ceived a shot of AstraZeneca vaccine and I don’t feel awk­ward. This falls in line with what the W.H.O has been saying about the safety of the vaccine. I commend all our numerous health workers for their sacrifice. The IDH is still the epicentre of our COVID-19 response; that is why I came here for the vaccination. FG Announces Partial Closure Of Falomo Bridge For Six Weeks Rehabilitation From Sunday Osinbajo Urges Harnessing Of Nation’s Huge Population “We have also started ad­ministering the vaccine to our health workers, who are part of the frontline workers we identified in the rollout programme. All other front­line workers in other hospitals are also receiving the vaccine and they should continue with the process, as we roll out our strategy on how people need to be vaccinated.” Sanwo-Olu urged the public to refrain from churning out unsubstantiated information about the vaccine, asking residents to allow the science lead the nation out of the pan­demic. The Governor said he was optimistic that the nation would be out of this pandem­ic if the vaccine rollout pro­gramme went as planned. The vaccination pro­gramme started across three centres – IDH, Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH) and Federal Medi­cal Centre, Ebute Metta. In the coming days, the rollout pro­gramme will also take place simultaneously at other 85 des­ignated locations within Lagos for frontline workers captured in the first phase, who include medical workers, policemen, military officers, laboratory scientists, port health work­ers, judicial officers and rapid response teams.