Senator Victor Ndoma-Egba, a highly cerebral lawyer and outstanding politician, clocked 65 years on March 8, 2021. Ndoma-Egba was in the Senate between 2003 and 2015 where, via quality leadership he gave the people of Cross River Central Senatorial District the best of representation, he rose to become the Senate Leader and one of the most influential lawmakers in the country. At 65, the unassuming, easy going and benevolent Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN), could be said to have lived a fulfilled life worthy of emulation. He has greatly distinguished himself as a man of honour and integrity, both in politics and the legal profession. A silent achiever and philanthropist, Ndoma-Egba has several awards and laurels in his kitty earned on account of his service to humanity, enormous contributions to democratic growth and nation building. Among his many awards are two national honours, Officer of the Federal Republic (OFR) and Commander of the Niger (CON). In all the positions he has occupied, he left an indelible mark of performance and unblemished record of rectitude and proved to be a pragmatic, purposeful and resourceful leader, always building confidence in the minds of his followers. The ex-parliamentarian was appointed to serve on a federal board under the civilian administration of the late former President Shehu Shagari at 23. At  26, he was made the Commissioner for Works and Transport by the then governor of the old Cross River State. He was the pioneer Chief Executive of the Cross River State Directorate for Food, Roads and Rural Infrastructure. He was the Chairman of the Calabar branch of the Nigerian Bar Association for an unprecedented three terms. He was also a three-term president of Calabar Chamber of Commerce. The ex-NDDC helmsman obtained his LLB from the University of Lagos (UNILAG) and the LL.M from the University of Calabar (UNICAL) with various certificates from the Irish Development Institute, Shannon Ireland, Stanford and Harvard Universities in the United States of America. In this interview with MICHAEL JEGEDE, Ndoma-Egba gives the glory to God for the remarkable feats he has recorded in life as he clocks 65. He believes that everything he has achieved is by the grace and mercy of God and not by his power. Excerpts: How do you feel as you clock 65? I am very thankful to God for His grace and many blessings, that at 65, I have many stories to tell and I am in very good health. I feel grateful to the Almighty that He has taken me this far without doing anything I am ashamed of. This could only have been by His grace. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! How would you describe your life as a growing child? My growing up was normal and ordinary. Though I was among the first in my part of the world to have both parents who were educated, my parents were transitional in the sense that their western education notwithstanding, they remained very traditional.  My early life was with my mother and grandmother, both Roman Catholics.  I did the things children of my age did, lived in a compound with other people, went to school, after school it was farm, then house chores, including going to the stream, and later, public stand pump to fetch water for domestic use.  I had no privileges whatsoever and no silver spoon as is largely believed growing up.  I was an ordinary child who did well in school, was in the church and school choir and was a mass server or altar boy. She Looked Cute On Facebook, But Different When We Met Why Benue South Should Produce Next Governor In Benue – Moro You mean you were not born with a silver spoon in your mouth? I was not born with any spoon, not even a wooden spoon in my mouth, not to talk of a silver one. You started occupying positions of authority at a young age – like being appointed a member of a federal board at 23 and commissioner at 26. What was the experience like? I don’t know if those early responsibilities cost me my youth. I say so because by nature, I am not outgoing.  I am more on the private side. I am reserved.  The early responsibilities, however, made me mature early.  As a youth corper in Bauchi in the old Bauchi State (1978-1979, now Bauchi and Gombe states), I set up the Legal Aid Council and the legal department in the Criminal Investigation Department, Police Headquarters, in Bauchi under Nuhu Aliyu, then an Assistant Commissioner of Police, who rose to become a Deputy Inspector General of Police, and a senior colleague in the Senate of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Alhaji Danmadami was our Commissioner of Police. Was it your original intention to study law to become a lawyer, or you just went for it because your father was a lawyer? Reading law came much later when my aspiration to become a Roman Catholic Priest was not realised because of the Nigerian civil war.  A young friend once joked that it took God and a civil war to stop me from being his priest and wondered what kind of priest I would have become.  My first entrance examination to the university, the then University of Ife, was to read medicine. It was in the last term of the Higher School that I changed to the Arts against the advice of the then principal, Rev Father Hayes. He even tried to enlist my father to stop me from making the change. What inspiration did you get from your father taking after him by profession? I watched my father as a practising lawyer and as a judge, first of the High Court and later of the Court of Appeal.  He was professional; hardworking, honest, incorruptible and public spirited. He was always at his desk late into the night. He was the very first lawyer from our part of the world and is acknowledged as the father of the profession in our parts.  He inspired several generations of lawyers and mentored many, including Kanu Agabi (SAN), former Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice and a leading lawyer in the country, and many more. Today, you have obviously got to the peak of your career as a legal practitioner having been crowned a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) since 2004. How challenging was it getting to that point? I became Senior Advocate of Nigeria in 2004 and a Life Bencher in 2016.  It has been the hand of God all through.  It was not by my strength, but by His grace. I applied for the rank of SAN four times, even when I thought I was qualified. I was persuaded to apply the fourth time. I had almost given up because I was then in the Senate. I did and made history in God’s time. I became the first and only one so far to be elevated from the Senate, and for 12 years, the only one from the National Assembly. At what time did you decide to go into active politics and why did you take that decision? I have always been disposed to public service.  I have always been outspoken, especially against injustice and on issues of equity and ethics and opted for litigation as against corporate law practice, so l would be a voice for the voiceless. I also opted to remain with my people, first in Ogoja, and later Calabar, as against the big cities so that l could be their voice.  Public life has been a natural attraction for me. At 65, how would you say your journey in politics has been? I still have mileage, but I thank God for how far I have come and the rare privileges l have had. I was a member of the first Board of Cross River Basin Development Authority (appointed by President Shehu Shagari) before I was 24, Commissioner for Works and Transport in old Cross River State (now Cross River and Akwa Ibom States) just before my 27th birthday, ran for governor of Cross River State in my early 30s, became  the first Senior Advocate of Nigeria from outside legal practice and academics and from the National Assembly, first Chairman, Senate Committee on Media and Public Affairs, Deputy Senate Leader and Senate Leader in the 5th, 6th and 7th Senate respectively, the very first Senate Leader from the South-South, two national honours. God has certainly been partial to me. Are you at ease with the kind of politics we practice in Nigeria where godfatherism and/or money determine who gets what? Our politics is far from ideal. No politics anywhere is ideal though. Money is always important in politics anywhere, including Nigeria. The issue, however, is to what purposes money is deployed. In our case, it is meant to buy votes, thereby denying the voters, because of pervading material and spiritual poverty, the choices available to them. Money is not used as is done elsewhere to educate the voters on the issues in the polity and the choices available. Because of the invidious use of money, godfathers who have it seize control of the electoral process and because governors have access to unlimited resources, they inevitably take total control of the internal processes of their respective political parties. Government is no longer of the people, by the people and for the people in ancient Greek traditions, but rather, government of governors, by governors and for governors, in which everyone else is either isolated or recruited by the governors as cheer leaders. This undermines the fundamental essence of democracy, which is choice. As one who was privileged to have started holding leadership positions at the early stage of his life, why do you think we have not been able to get it right in Nigeria such that the country still remains backward after years of self-governance despite the abundance of resources at our disposal? We have not got our politics right because of the loss of capacity for political negotiations and consensus building and the structural distortions to our federalism caused by military intervention in politics which bred a culture of fiats and intolerance and a ridiculous federal structure and federalism. Our federalism is now like a car with a knocked engine and we are busy trying to fix new tyres to the car. What is the secret of your outstanding success, both in politics and the legal profession? I can only attribute my success to God’s grace. He chooses whom to bless, when and how to bless. It is neither by our strength or our efforts. All you have to do is prepare yourself for His Grace through hard work, focus and character and pray that His grace locates you. With some of the unfortunate things that happened to you last year – from the death of your mother and mother-in-law, to the wicked destruction done to your residence in Calabar during the #ENDSARS protest by hoodlums, to losing the closest woman to your heart in a ghastly motor accident, how would you continue to see the year 2020 as you forge ahead in life? Every child of God will face trials at some point of his or her life. The consolation is that God never gives any person burdens he or she cannot bear. It is no different in my own case. I cannot question Him about the confounding events in my life in 2020, especially the death of my wife, Amaka, in November of that year. I, however, give Him thanks as we are enjoined to do by the scriptures in every situation. 2020 strengthened my faith and trust in God. He knows all and I have always surrendered to His will. I never questioned Him when he was blessing me so abundantly. I cannot do so now. All I know is that the worst is behind me and the best is ahead of me. How easy is it for you celebrating your 65th birthday without your dearest one (your lovely wife) standing firmly by you as she had always done at a time like this every year? Before I met my wife, I had celebrated only one birthday in my life, my seventh birthday. She started celebrating my birthdays initially on a small scale and later, very elaborately. I am sure she would have made this one a very big event, especially given what we went through in 2020. But, God knows best. I will celebrate it quietly in prayers of thanksgiving to God for everything, especially the life we shared and the sweet memories she left behind. She cannot die because she lives in my heart and the hearts of the thousands of people she touched in so many ways. To live in the hearts of those who love you is not to die. It will be the first birthday I will be celebrating without her physical presence. I, however, know for sure though that she will be with me in spirit and she is in a much better place. What is your life philosophy? My philosophy is: ‘If you cannot change the world for the better, change where you stand’. What has been your greatest moment in life? Every minute is the greatest moment because you are alive and you don’t know what is ahead. What about your lowest point? If you are a person of faith, there will be no low moments because every moment is ordained by God. What’s your favourite food? I eat mainly local stuff and my favourite is pounded yam, which I eat daily for lunch, except I am out of Nigeria. What is one thing you cannot live without? There is no such thing. How do you relax? What do you do at your leisure? I am an avid lawn tennis player and I play as often as I can. I also read and write a lot.