The House Committee on Local Government and Community Affairs, Lagos State House of Assembly, has applauded the Executive Chairman of Mushin Local Government, Mr Emmanuel Bamigboye, for promoting local content development in the community. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the committee gave the commendation during an oversight function to the council on Thursday. Mr Abdul-Sobur Olawale, the Committee Chairman, with his team gave kudos to the local government chairman for his administrative style and good leadership in Mushin council. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “We confirmed the rapid development which had taken place in Mushin in the last four years. “The committee also commends Bamigboye for engaging members of his grassroots in Direct Labour projects of the council. For Ambode, No Respite Yetw In Lagos APC NYCN Award: Major Boost For GYB’s Presidential Ambition “This is as development remains the best way to promote and facilitate local content development,” Olawale said. According to him, the oversight functions were meant to scrutinise various projects executed by the local government administration. The committee chairman said that Mushin council has one of the best and most equipped legislative chambers in Lagos State. Olawale added that Mushin local government was the first of all the local governments being visited, to have cleared all outstanding severance. Bamgboye, in remarks, thanked the team for coming to inspect the projects carried out by his administration. “I am elated with the commendation by the committee towards the projects and we are hoping to do more for the benefit of the residents,” he said. NAN reports that Olufunmilayo Street was visited by the committee as part of the projects executed by the council administration. The team also had an interactive session with the Executive Council members, Heads of Department and NULGE leadership, scrutinising projects to ensure that due process was followed in executing the projects. (NAN)