Senator Ben Murray Bruce, a former Bayelsa lawmaker has expressed displeasure over the suffering of Nigerian masses which was brought about by the increase in fuel price. Bruce who condemned the increase in pump price of fuel to N212 per litre, wondered why the Nigerian system develops government policies which believes in allowing the masses suffer. The former lawmaker disapproved the increase saying, that now is not the time for Nigerians to be spending more on fuel amid oppressive economic factors. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! In a tweet on his Twitter Account, he tweeted saying, “I still will not understand a system that believes in suffering for the masses as a government policy. Someone, please educate me. Nigerians shouldn’t be paying more for fuel at this time, amid low minimum wages and other oppressive economic factors.” See Tweet Below; Private: Former Speaker Bankole To Join APC –  Official Dimeji Bankole Joins APC, Meets Gov Buni , Badaru I still will not understand a system that believes in suffering for the masses as a government policy. Someone, please educate me. Nigerians shouldn’t be paying more for fuel at this time, amid low minimum wages and other oppressive economic factors. Many have also reacted to the increase in fuel price after the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) announced the new increment on its website, stating that it was due to the market determinants and importation costs. PPPRA fixed the lower band of the new fuel price at N209.61 per litre and upper band at N212.61 per litre. In a swift reaction, the NNPC countered the announcement, insisting that there is no increase in fuel price in March. Independent noticed that many petrol stations in Kaduna were under lock as fuel attendants were seen standing at the gate. Some other fuel stations were also seen attending to many who had thronged their station in numbers to buy fuel.