Governor David Umahi has assured Ebonyi residents of the safety and efficacy of the COVID-19 vaccine delivered to the state by the Federal Government. Umahi gave the assurance on Thursday, after recieving a jab of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine, along with his Deputy, Dr Kelechi Igwe.He advised the people to be courageous to take the vaccine, notwithstanding the negative tales surrounding it, especially in the social media. He said: “I have been vaccinated and you can see that I am still standing and even stronger. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “It is however not compulsory for people to be vaccinated but they must compulsorily observe the COVID-19 protocols, especially the use of face masks.” He commended President Muhammadu Buhari for showing exemplary leadership by ensuring the procurement of the vaccines and being the first to be vaccinated. LG Poll: Kaduna Deputy Governor Drums Support For Women Aspirants Federal Salary Structure Can’t Be Imposed On States- Fayemi “We would monitor the vaccination process to prevent lapses, which would undermine the desired objective. The vaccination process, if not properly monitored, would create a situation where people might be asked to pay before being vaccinated and also lead to the influx of fake vaccines.” “The state COVID-19 committee would supervise the exercise and the deputy governor, together with the commissioner for health, would sign all vaccination forms,” he said. Umahi said that Ebonyi received 46,090 doses and that 13,000 dosages of the vaccine would be allotted to the elderly, who are above 60 years. We recorded 49 negative cases of the 50 tests conducted recently but would not relent in efforts being made to check the virus,” he said. The Commissioner for Health, Dr. Daniel Umezurike, said the receipt of the doses was in line with the COVID 19 national vaccination guidelines. All implementation plans have been laid by the ministry as we have inaugurated five vaccination centres in each of the 13 local government areas,” he said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the wives of the governor and deputy governor were also vaccinated along with some top government officials. Source (NAN)