IBADAN – The immediate past executives of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), South-West Zone, on Saturday cautioned one of the aspirants to the position of National Vice Chairman against the use of an abusive campaign against an opponent in the race but rather showcasing the stuff that will move the party forward. According to a statement by the immediate past and aspiring Zonal Publicity Secretary, South-West PDP, Ayo Fadaka on behalf of others stated that “We take due cognisance of trips round the Zone by an aspirant to the position of National Vice Chairman, South West, His Excellency, Taofeek Arapaja and duly commend him for taking steps to actualise his ambition. “We however take serious exceptions to his campaign style which is dominated with needless expletives and unwarranted abuses on the the person of Eddy Olafeso, P.hd. This attitude is not only pedestrian but equally indicative of the quality, content and depth of the said aspirant. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! “This period in the life of our Party, particularly in the South West is crucial and it is of utmost importance that stakeholders take conscious steps to ensure that only suitably appropriate people are put in positions of responsibility to drive the Party as we plan towards 2023 elections. “Much as our Party liberally welcome entrants into the Party at all times, we however wish to underscore the fact that it will be absolutely counterproductive to allow a political tourist and adventurer like Taofeek Arapaja, who within a space of six years that he left the PDP, was a member of Accord Party, APC, ADC and finally returned to PDP about a year ago to become the National Vice Chairman of the Party at a time he should still be under serious tutelage on the need to be a consistent party member. Gbolagunte Emerges Acting Vice President South West NUJ IGP Orders Full Investigation Into Plot To Assassinate Ned Nwoko “We continue to thank our Zonal leaders, ex-Gov Ayo Fayose, Senator Ademola Adedeji, Hon Ladi Adebutu, Dr Remi Akitoye, Senator Nicholas Tofowomo, Engr Femi Babalola and Oloye Bisi Olopoeniyan. “We also thank the very steadfast and committed State Chairmen of Lagos, Ogun, Osun and Ekiti States for their solid support, while also appreciating the support of silent majority of our delegates whose commitment to the Party also remain crucial. “The PDP must chose right in the South West, only people with a history of commitment, loyalty and steadfastness to the Party can drive it to the appropriate destination and not political merchants who desire Zonal Executive positions which the intend to use in horse trading when next they wish decamp to another Party. “It is only the team led by Eddy Olafeso PhD that has remained consistent and loyal to the Party at all times, through thick and shine, never decamping or migrating like Arapaja and his types. A vote for us will guarantee a proper positioning for the Party in the South West,” the statement concluded.