Damaturu- The management, Staff and Governing Council of the Federal University Lokoja, Kogi State has on Friday paid a condolence visit to Fika Emirate Council to condole His Royal Highness, the Emir of Fika and Chairman Yobe State Council of Traditional Rulers Dr Muhammad Ibn Abali Muhammad Idrissa over the death of his eldest son, Prince Adamu who passed on recently, in Abuja after a brief illness. The condolence visit which was led by the University’s Pro-Chancellor Professor Shehu Yahaya, had in attendance, members of the Governing Council, the Vice Chancellor Professor Olayemi Akinwunmi, Registrar, Bursar, Librarian and other officials to commiserate with the Emir, Emirate and people of Yobe State.. While speaking at the condolence, the Pro-Chancellor Professor Shehu Yahaya described the death of the departed Prince as painful and an irreparable loss to both the Emir, family, the Emiratestate and the people, adding that Prince Adamu shall be missed. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He emphasized that they represent the entire University Community and that they were there to share in the grief and sorrows. . While expressing sadness “we are here to most profoundly extend our deepest condolences with you your Royal Highness over the death of your son, we regret that has happened, the University deeply feels saddened while encouraging the family to take solace in God, saying that death was an ultimate end for everyone. He also prayed God to give the family the fortitude to bear the great loss. Usman Dan Fodio Varsity Matriculates 6,244 Students In 2019/2020 Session ATBU Matriculates 7,156 Students For 2 Academic Sessions Due To COVID-19 The University Vice Chancellor Professor Olayemi Akinwunmi later presented the Condolence letter to the King. While responding for the King, the Dallatun Fika Alhaji Baba Abare thanked the University delegation for the visit and expressed happiness for the Condolence and prayed God to bless and grant them journey mercies back home.