Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is reportedly open to selling four of his first team stars this summer as he looks to freshen up the squad ahead of the 2021/22 campaign. The Reds have conducted very minor transfer business over past year, keeping faith with the players which led the club to Champions League and Premier League glory. The Sunday World claim Joel Matip, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, Xherdan Shaqiri and Divock Origi will all be allowed to leave if the right offer comes in. Matip has played more minutes than expected this season due to long-term injuries to Vigril van Dijk and Joe Gomez. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! However, the 29-year-old has also spent some time in the treatment room so Klopp is searching for a more reliable challenger. The report adds that Klopp has been told that he will be given money to chase his key target Ibrahima Konate. We Are “Silently” Preparing For Tokyo Olympics, Sports Minister Says Pinnick’s Election Offers New Opportunities In Nigeria Football Development, Insurance FC Official Says The 21-year-old RB Leipzig defender would be available for around £34million. Meanwhile, there are also doubts over whether Mohamed Salah will remain on Merseyside, especially if Liverpool fail to qualify for the Champions League. La Liga giants Real Madrid and Barcelona are both interested in the Egyptian forward. But the Sunday World claims Liverpool chiefs are determined to do everything they can to keep hold of their top goalscorer. Former Liverpool defender John Arne Riise has blamed Klopp for the club’s bad run of results. “I’m not a manager of Klopp’s standards and I can’t tell him what to do, but it feels like he could have done more to stop this run,” Riise told the Sunday World. “They don’t have (Virgil) Van Dijk or (Joe) Gomez, who are quick and can cover the balls over the top. “They don’t have Fabinho and (Jordan) Henderson and (Gini) Wijnaldum every game to win the ball in the middle, so this is why I feel they could have changed their tactics a little.”