Abuja- The Chairman Senate Committee on Army, Senator Mohammed Ali-Ndume, has called on  Nigerian government to increase its  military spending to be able to tackle the rising insecurity in the country. He also called on President Muhammadu  Buhari to pull Nigeria back from the brink by dealing decisively with criminal gangs terrorizing innocent people across the country. He disclosed this at the weekend while speaking on the state of the nation at the monthly forum of Correspondents’ Chapel tagged “Correspondents Chapel Roundtable” in Abuja. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He blamed the past and present administration for failing to invest in running modern armed forces and security agencies. He said Nigerian armed forces are still using equipment acquired during Late President Shehu Shagari thereby making it difficult to with the war against bandits and terrorists. He said the government had opportunity of changing the story by investing in equipping the armed forces and security agencies as well as recruiting adequate number of personnel. Education Remains Pivotal Factor In Achieving Any Meaningful Development In Any Society- Tambuwal NGO Urges Probe Into $1Billion Missing Arms Fund According to him, government at all levels must first return Nigeria to a country where people displayed a sense of security, if the country is to record significant development and economic growth. Ndume stressed the need for country like Nigeria with an estimated 200 million population to spend much more in its annual budget on equipping, training and managing its armed forces and security agencies. The lawmaker stressed that maintaining peace in a diverse and large country like Nigeria doesn’t come cheap. He said: “I have been saying this. I say this at every opportunity that I have like this one, that government should prioritise security and peace does not come cheap. In a country where you are budgeting N13 Trillion for a year and you budget less than one percent for security, you know we are no serious. “Now the President seems to have risen to the occasion with his New Year speech where said he is going to do something about insecurity and removed the service chiefs, bringing in the new ones. This is not enough, you must equip, you must have the numbers, and you must deploy them properly. The Nigerian security agencies, especially the  armed forces are not well equipped, they do not have what it takes to  address the security threats we are facing as a country”, Ndume while answering questions on zoning of Presidential ticket in All Progressives Congress ( APC ) said he was not in support of zoning the ticket to the North . He added that he would support zoning the ticket to the south.