Miyetti Allah Cattle Breeders Association of Nigeria (MACBAN) said it is tired of open grazing in Ondo State, calling on government to make provision for ranches as a way of putting an end to frequent herdsmen/ farmers’ crises. The chairman of the association in the state, Alhaji Bello Garba, stated this on Wednesday in Akure. Garba was speaking during a public hearing on a bill to regulate rearing and grazing of livestock and provide for the establishment of ranches and other related matters. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! He said that the association would support any peaceful move to address the issue in the state, adding that farmers and herdsmen must carry out their respective activities without clashing. According to him, the association has been begging the state government to register Fulani men in all the local government areas of the state. Nigeria’s Future Lies In Her Youth, Revd Pam Tells YOWICAN Revelation Church Of Jesus Christ Expands During COVID, Beyond Similarly, Mr. Ibrahim Abdul-Rahman, the Assistant Secretary of the association in the state, explained that open grazing had become obsolete and needed to be banned. Abdul-Rahman asked all stakeholders to embrace modern cattle rearing technique, saying that farmers and herders must allow peace to reign, considering the importance of both parties to nation’s growth. Applauding the move, Mr. Gbenga Obaweya, the Chairman of Ondo State Agricultural Commodities Association (OSACA), said that it was a step in the right direction, adding that a foundation had been laid upon which other processes would be. Obaweya noted that the body language of the state government showed that it was ready to protect agriculture and agricultural practices and put an end to the lingering clashes between farmers and herdsmen. Declaring the public hearing open, Speaker of the Assembly, Mr. Bamidele Oloyelogun, said that it was aimed at enhancing peaceful existence in the state. Oloyelogun added that if similar move had been made in the past, it would have been a different story today. “It is for peace to reign in our state. This record will go a long way, having effects even on the children yet unborn. “Your memoranda and suggestions will be welcome. Please, feel free to air your views and bare your minds, but we must be objective and constructive,” he said. The speaker said that the bill, when passed into law, would prevent arson and frequent clashes between farmers and herdsmen. Oloyelogun explained that grazing would be regulated with provision of modern techniques in animal husbandry. He enjoined participants to shun sentiments and stop abusing one another, saying, “We are all one.” In his remarks, the Chairman, House Committee on Agriculture, Mr. Taofik Mohammed, said that the importance of the bill could not be over-emphasised, hence the need for the hearing. Mohammed noted that one of the cardinal roles of the bill was to achieve virile and peaceful atmosphere in the state. He added that the bill was attached to human survival, considering the frequent fracas between farmers and herdsmen, which had resulted in loss of lives and property in the state.