Yenagoa- The Bayelsa State Police Command, on Tuesday, paraded a man, Christopher Chiabata, who was arrested for allegedly killing his 41-year-old wife with a pestle in their residence at Onuebum community in the Ogbia Local Government Area of the state. Chiabata, 59, who was among several criminal suspects paraded by Okoli at the police command headquarters in Yenagoa, said he killed his wife in self-defence during a fight over money they realised from their farming business. Chiabata said he struck his wife with the pestle during the fight, and after realising that he had committed murder drank Sniper to commit suicide but neighbours resuscitated and handed him over to the police. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to him, they had been married for 30 years with five children and had been fighting frequently because she had the habit of denying him access to monies they jointly made from their farming business. Chiabata said “Whenever my wife take our produce to the market, she does not give me account of the sales. For two years she refused to give me account of the money we have realised from the farm. So one day, I called her to give me account and when she refused we started fighting until neighbours separated us.” FG To Engage 77,400 Youths As Volunteers In Hand Washing, Clean Nigeria Campaign Police Announce Commencement Of Second Batch Registration For Retired Officers Into NHIS “In anger, the next day I asked her to leave the farm business for me to handle alone. One day, when I returned from the farm, she had packed my things out of the house. That day we fought again and neighbours separated and settled us.” “Fed up with the whole development, I asked her to pack out of the house the following day but she refused. Then we started fighting at that point. She was stronger than me so each time we fight she would beat me mercilessly. So this time, as she was beating me, out of anger, I struck her with a pestle.” “It at that point she collapsed. Neighbours helped rush her to University of Port Harcourt Teaching Hospital where she died. When I heard she had died, I took Sniper in an attempt to kill myself but neighbours were quick to come to my rescue and took me to hospital.” Okoli also paraded one Lazarus Josiah, 29, who was arrested for allegedly strangling his 59-year-old mother, Chain Bishop, to death for reasons yet-to-be ascertained at Odioma community in the Brass Local Government Area of the state. Also arrested were five members of a gang that specialised in posing as the State Environmental Sanitation Authority officials to kidnap and rob unsuspecting road users around Yenagoa, the state capital. He identified them as Headman Eniye, Ebi Tombofa, Mokubo Sorgwe, Preye Daniel and Lucky Okuwenjo, adding that they were arrested after abducting a civil servant in the state Ministry of Budget and Economic Planning to their hideout in Gbarain community where they demanded ransom for her release. He said, “The suspects confessed to the crimes and locally made revolver pistols with three live ammunition were recovered from them.” Okoli also said the command acted on a tip-off and operatives arrested one Shehu Yola and Sunday Emmanuel at Okaka area of Yenagoa while transporting a truckload of 444 mattresses allegedly meant for flood victims in Bayelsa to Kano State. According to him, further investigation led to the arrest of other suspects namely, Doloebiowei Line, Richard Dino, Yahaya Adamu and Obiri Roland, who sold the mattresses to the former.