…Says APC Can’t Implement Brilliant Ideas ADO-EKITI – United Kingdom based policy analyst, Kayode Adaramodu, has declared his intention to run for the 2022 Governorship Election in Ekiti State on the platform of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP). The International Development Consultant and former Economic Adviser, Office for National Statistics, UK and former Deputy Managing Director (DMD) of Guaranty Trust Bank (GTB) in charge of Abuja and Northern Nigeria operations, said his desire to join the race was for the good of Ekiti State. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! Addressing mammoth crowd of PDP supporters who thronged his private residence in Ilawe-Ekiti, Adaramodu disclosed that his desire was to break the yoke of poverty and underdevelopment in the State. Adaramodu, who was recently honoured by the Nigeria Television Authority (NTA) for his philanthropic gestures in youths and sports development, said his deep knowledge and experience in policy and economic matters puts him in good stead to lead Ekiti in 2022. Education Remains Pivotal Factor In Achieving Any Meaningful Development In Any Society- Tambuwal NGO Urges Probe Into $1Billion Missing Arms Fund The PDP followers from the 16 Local Governments areas of the state were led to Ilawe -Ekiti by the Director General of Adaramodu Governorship Campaign Organisation and former Chairman ,Association of Local Governments of Nigeria( ALGON) ,Hon Toba Daramola. The ex Bank Chief  alleged  that the ruling All Progressives Congress(APC) is populated with  people who were good at theorizing but lacked the capacity to translate brilliant  ideas to concrete development that would benefit the people. The ex- Banker cum politician argued that Ekiti State would have fared better if all the good policies of the Kayode Fayemi led administration were  painstakingly  implemented. Said he “If there is a man who is very good and intelligent in putting ideas together, it is Governor Fayemi. He and his team have the expertise in idealising. But you know what make public service unique is the nature of public service itself. The way you implement public policy requires a lot of knowledge, expertise and the real touch with the people. “Without mincing words, this particular government are very sound in talking. They are not doers. And they are not in touch with Ekiti people”, he added. The PDP man said he ambition  had enjoyed massive endorsement from within the party and amongst its major stakeholders. “I am entering the race because of my conviction that public service is about helping people to solve problems and live their dreams.The main drive is my passion for a challenge of the prevailing skewed, under-performing system and a strong belief that we deserve more in return for our resources, enterprise and resilience.” “This is not about me, but about Ekiti. it’s about standing together and facing the challenges that confront our State and its inhabitants. This is not about party politics, but about advancing the best ideas and seeing them through for the betterment of our people and land”. He bemoaned what he described as bad governance in the state under Governor Fayemi, saying the APC government has pulled Ekiti back from the development trends it met when taking over the reigns of power in 2018. He promised to revolutionize education sector and restructure the health sector in a way that quality healthcare service delivery would be decentralised with a view to make it accessible for both urban and rural dwellers. “By the grace of God, it’s only one person who would go the primary between I and Oga Segun Oni. It’s either he sees reason to support his own product at this time and played the position of a statesman that God has given him or Oga is able to convince me to say Kayode go and wait. But how will he convince me is still what I don’t know. “It’s incontrovertible that Oga Segun Oni enjoys tremendous goodwill. But if truly he enjoys goodwill, let him invest in one of us that are his product and younger. And I have said to him even if you don’t trust me we are many, kindly look for one of us who are your product and back him up,”