ABUJA- The Federal Government has said it would engage a total of 77,400 youth volunteers on hand washing and Clean Nigeria Campaign in all the 774 Local Government Areas in Nigeria. Engr. Suleiman Adamu, Minister of Water Resources, revealed this on Tuesday in Abuja on the occasion of the flag-off ceremony of the National Youth Volunteer Programme on Hand Washing and Clean Nigeria Campaign for COVID-19 Prevention. Adamu said the Federal Government would engage 100 youth volunteers in each of the 774 Local Government Areas (LGAs) across the country for community sansitisation and awareness creation on safe water, sanitation and hygiene practices for COVlD-19 prevention over a period of three months. HOW NIGERIAN MEN CAN NOW NATURALLY STOP PREMATURE EJACULATION, LOW SPERM COUNT AND OTHER MEN'S SEXUAL NEEDS. MADAM ALWAYS WANTS IT BIGGER, STRONGER AND LONG-LASTING!!! According to him, “The National Youth Volunteer Programme is one of the interventions of the Federal Government through the Federal Ministry of Water Resources to curb the COVlD-19 pandemic. “This will involve the engagement of 100 youth volunteers in each of the 774 Local Government Areas (LGAs) across the country for community sansitisation and awareness creation on safe water, sanitation and hygiene practices for COVlD-19 prevention over a 3-month period SGF Attributes Jettisoning Of Values, Culture To Cause Of Economic, Political Disarray In Africa I Have Not Submitted Any Appointee List To Governor El-Rufai– Kaduna APC Chairman “Aside the health emergency occasioned by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, it has also brought about severe socio-economic consequences globally, with great impact in Nigeria. “This has heightened the vulnerability of our vulnerable populations most of which are our youths who are unable to find gainful employment. “As part of the Federal Government’s initiative under the National Economic Sustainability Plan to rebuild the economy and stimulate job creation, was the approval of the National Youth Volunteer Programme on Handwashing and Clean Nigeria Campaign for COVlD-19 prevention to be implemented by the Federal Ministry of Water Resources. “This aligns with the Risk Communication and Community Engagement; and Infection Prevention and Control (lPC) pillars under the global COVlD-19 strategic response.” Adamu said his ministry as the lead for the Water, Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) Sector in Nigeria, had set up a National WASH Emergency Response Committee on COVlD-19 in the wake of the outbreak of the pandemic in Nigeria. He also said the Federal Government through the Ministry had provided intervention support to States with the rehabilitation and construction of 495 boreholes to improve access to this basic necessity. To this end, he underscored the need for awareness creation and mass sensitisation on the adoption of good sanitation and hygiene practices, noting that it has become imperative to maximise the benefits of having access to safe water facilities. “It is in this regard and in furtherance of the ‘Clean Nigeria: Use the Toilet’ Campaign, that we agreed on the National Youth Volunteer Programme which will help to project the message of adoption of safe WASH practices for COVlD-19 prevention as well as ensure the productive engagement of some of our teeming youths. “As you may be aware access to safe Water,Sanitation and Hygiene (WASH) services is intrinsically linked to disease prevention and in the case of COVlD-19, regular handwashing with soap under running water for 20 seconds is one of the non-pharmaceutical measures for the prevention of the coronavirus disease. “Handwashing with soap is considered as an affordable, accessible “do-it-yourself’ vaccine and reduces the outbreak and incidence of many communicable diseases such as the Coronavirus. “A recent study showed that regular handwashing with soap can reduce the likelihood of COVlD-19 infection by 36%. “The Youth Volunteers under this programme will be trained on communicating and demonstrating good sanitation and hygiene practices that can help to contain the spread of the corona virus and curtail the practice of open defecation in the country,” he explained. He therefore, urged the states and local government areas across the country to take ownership of the programme and ensure that it succeeds.