President of Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) Amaju Pinnick has explained the reason he is backing owner of Mamelodi Sundown of South Africa, Patrice Motsepe to become the next president of the Confederation of African Football Association (CAF). Despite having other West African candidates vying for the same position, Pinnick has decided to pitch his tent with the Southern African candidate after he dumped his own ambition. The Motsepe campaign team has recently been to Nigeria, Ghana, Cote d’Ivoire, Burkina Faso, Guinea Conakry, Togo and Benin. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! While the South Africa Football Association (SAFA) President, Dr. Danny Jordaan and his Nigerian counterpart, Pinnick have been headlining the campaign, they were joined by the FA presidents of the visited West African country. “This campaign has been an all-inclusive in which the aforementioned countries’ FA Presidents joined the team to promote Mr. Motsepe as an ideal candidate to lead CAF to what we want the continental body to be and that is to compete globally as an equal partner. Enugu Extends Yellow Fever Vaccination To 3 LGs, Targets Additional 710,149 Residents COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of March – ACDC, NIMR, Researchers ‘’In West Africa, we were well received and it was a brilliant tour. Here is a businessman doing business in more than 41 African countries and employing the youth of Africa. “His vision is to take African football to the next stage, he will make a huge difference and making him Africa’s preferred candidate for CAF President’s position is a no-brainer,’’ Pinnick told SAFA. Apart from meeting Togo, Benin, Cote d’Ivoire, Guinea Conakry and Burkina Faso FA Presidents, the Motsepe Team has so far been to various other African countries. Next in line is consolidating the COSAFA bloc as well as visiting the critical CECAFA region. CAF has already received and is currently evaluating five candidatures for the presidency of the body whose election will take place on March 12 in Rabat, Morocco. On Thursday, CAF announced it had officially validated two of these candidatures: that of Augustin Senghor, president of the Senegalese Football Federation, and that of Ivorian Jacques Anouma, former president of the Ivorian Football Federation. Meanwhile, the candidacy of outgoing President Ahmad Ahmad was declared ineligible due to his 5-year suspension. His ineligibility comes despite his appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS). However, the bids of Ahmed Yahya, president of the Mauritanian Football Federation and Motsepe were admitted. Motsepe, a mining magnate had his candidacy for the role approved and supported by the South Africa Football Association (SAFA) in November last year.