ADO-EKITI- Wife of the Lagos Lawyer and Rights Activist, Mrs. Funmi Falana has called for the resignation of President Muhammadu Buhari and the governors of the 36 states over their failure to secure the lives and properties of Nigerians. Speaking at the sideline of the 2021 edition of her Annual Get-Together for the inmates of the Erelu Adebayo Children’s Home, Iyin-Ekiti, the gender activist bemoaned the security situation in the country saying that the elected officials have failed in their constitutional responsibilities. Mrs Falana after spending some time with the inmates also donate food items and other consumables, stressing  that the gesture was her own little  a way of giving the less privileged the sense of belonging. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! She argued that the children at the motherless home deserved the whole care and love from well to do individuals, expressing optimism that the children had what it takes for them to compete with others in the society. She called on all other state governments to emulate the Ekiti state government by domesticating the child rights act, describing it as essential for the protection of the rights of the children in the society. Okowa Congratulates Tambuwal At 55 APC Must Be Fair To Maintain Winning Streak- Nyako “As of now we have about 22 states that has domesticated this law including Ekiti state and I calling on the other 14 states to follow suit towards protecting the rights of these children.” “We believe it is our way of giving back to the needy in the society because these people really the expression of our love and also to let them know that they are important in the society. We care for them and we believe these are the people that really need the attention and expression of our love”, she said. Condemning the spate of killings and kidnappings in the land  she said ,” if that is the case, they should resign and we will know we don’t have a government.” She also described as unacceptable, the situation where  many Nigerians are daily living in fear of being attacked by gunmen,saying something urgent should be done by the government at all levels in addressing the drift. “I want use this opportunity to tell government at all levels that there is need for them to do something urgent on the level of insecurity in our society. A government that is unable to guarantee security of the citizens is a failure, it is a failed government.” “We are reminding them that it is their constitutional responsibility under chapter two of the constitution to provide security for the people. It is as if they are helpless and if that is the case, they should resign and we will know we don’t have a government. Nigerians are afraid to go out, it is very sad, nobody envisaged Nigeria we got to this stage”, she said. Appreciating the kind gesture, the matron of the Children’s Home, Mrs. Olayinka Ajayi commended the legal practitioner for the annual intervention  saying her contributions in the last few years has made significant impact in the lives of the children.