LAGOS – Delta Air Lines, the United States carrier said it lost $9 billion pre-tax in the operating year between January and December 2020 primarily due to the COVID-19 pandemic The airline also said that its adjusted operating revenue declined by $15.9 billion, indicating 66 per cent on 61 percent lower sellable capacity when compared to the same period in 2019. These were contained in the airline’s financial results for the December quarter and full year 2020. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! A statement by the media consultant to the airline in Nigeria, said that the carrier’s total operating expense, which included $4.3 billion of Covid-19- related and other items decreased $10.8 billion over the prior year. It added that adjusted for those items and third-party refinery sales, total operating expense decreased $16 billion or 40 per cent in 2020 compared to 2019. Western Digital Delivers Series Of High-Capacity Portable SSDs 9mobile Announces Appointment Of New Chief Technical Officer, Deputy CTO, Director Of Strategy Ed Bastian, Delta’s Chief Executive Officer stated that the airline’s December quarter results capped the toughest year in its history. He lauded the Delta people for rising to the occasion and focused on delivering results for its stakeholders by putting the customers at the center of its recovery. “While our challenges continue in 2021, I am optimistic this will be a year of recovery and a turning point that results in an even stronger Delta returning to revenue growth, profitability and free cash generation,” he added. On its December quarter financial results, the airline said it had an adjusted pre-tax loss of $2.1 billion, which excluded nearly $1 billion of items directly related to the impact of, and its response to, Covid-19, including charges associated with employee pay and benefit changes, which were offset by the benefit of the CARES Act payroll support program (PSP) grants recognised in the quarter. Also, operating revenue of $3.5 billion of the airline declined 69 per cent on 62 percent lower sellable capacity versus the prior-year period. It had a total operating expense, which included $930 million of items, decreased $5.2 billion over prior-year period.