The wife of the Governor of Lagos State, Dr Mrs Claudiana Ibijoke Sanwo Olu, accompanied by the wife of the state Deputy Governor, Mrs Oluremi Hamzat, welcomed the first babies of the year, 2021 in four Lagos hospitals, and presented gifts to them as well. The four Lagos hospitals visited by the First Lady include Mushin General Hospital, Alimosho General Hospital, Orile-Agege General Hospital and Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH). A baby boy weighing 3kg, delivered at 12:01am to the family of Mrs. Amoo Tomilola, is the first baby of the year at Mushin General hospital. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The baby was born to his parents after seven years of Infertility. Likewise, a baby boy who weighed a whooping 4.35kg at 2:38am to the family of one Mr. and Mrs. Onumba, emerged the first baby of the year at Alimosho General Hospital. 2021: Opposition Reps To Intensify Oversight On Development Projects Ex-Lawmaker Fetes PDP Members, Distributes Palliatives A baby girl who weighed 2.35 kg, delivered at 12:01am to the family of Mr. and Mrs. Ajayi, is the first baby of the year at Orile-Agege General Hospital. Finally, the Lagos State Teaching Hospital (LASUTH) ushered in the first baby boy of the year who weighed 3.3kg, and was delivered at 12:21am to Mr. and Mrs. Fagade. The state Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, at the General Hospital Igando, said the baby of the Year programme was a symbolic event. Abayomi, who was represented by the Permanent Secretary in the Ministry, Dr. Olusegun Ogboye, said, “For us in the Ministry of Health, the First Baby of the Year is a symbolic event. As a state, the very first activity of the government every year is seen to focus on health care. Its significance is demonstrated by the priority it is given, with the visit of the wife of our Governor and the many important dignitaries, who could have been elsewhere, but have chosen to spend their first few hours of the new year here in our public hospitals. They make it a duty to be here to rejoice with our mothers on the birth of their children and that, in itself, speaks volumes.” Abayomi also said that the health ministry is responsible to see that residents have access to services that promote health and wellbeing. He noted that part of its obligations is to strengthen structures, improve programmes and expand services that help reduce neonatal and infant mortality and ensure safe motherhood. As such, events like this give our dignitaries the chance to evaluate where we are, as against the year before. “It is worth stating that the Ministry of Health is saddled with the responsibility of ensuring that our residents have access to services that promote health and wellbeing. And part of its obligations is to strengthen structures, improve programmes and expand services that help reduce neonatal and infant mortality and ensure safe motherhood. As such, events like this give our dignitaries the chance to evaluate where we are, as against the year before and recognise opportunities to create partnerships that can further improve service outcomes.” Speaking at the event, the First Lady expressed her joy in being present to celebrate with hospitals on the birth of the first babies of the year.She implored everyone to ensure that they live the kind of life that will promote their welfare as well as that of the society. She also offered words of prayer for the babies, as well as their parents. The First Lady pointed out that the birth of the babies which ushered in 2021, signify that there is still hope to move forward this year. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION