The Benue House of Assembly has urged Gov. Samuel Ortom to increase the monthly salary grant to Benue State University, Mak­urdi, N20.1 million to enable the institution pay the sala­ries of its 142 newly recruited academic staff. The House made the ap­peal while debating the report of its Committee on Educa­tion, Science and Technology during plenary on Thursday. The House also appealed to Ortom to grant a bailout fund to the tune of N180.2 million to enable the university con­tinue to pay salaries of the newly recruited staff. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The Committee Chair­man, Mr William Ortyom, (Guma/PDP), led the debate on the report. He said that the shortage of academic staff was the reason the management ap­proached the governor with a request for employment and replacement of staff that were no longer in the services of the university. Financial Expert Advises FG On Pulling Nigeria Out Of Recession Abia Monarch Distributes Palliatives, Cautions Subjects On COVID-19 Ortyom said the manage­ment in its request attached a diligent summary sheet of the financial implications of the attrition that showed a month­ly gross of N20.9 million and it was approved by the governor. He said that it was after the university had carried out the recruitment exercise that the management informed the state government of their in­ability to pay the new lecturers and claimed that the savings as a result of the attrition was used to pay staff on sabbatical, part-time and visiting appoint­ments. The House Deputy Speak­er, Mr Christopher Adaji, and Majority Leader, Mr Damian Cheme, condemned the di­version of monies meant for payment of salaries of newly recruited academic staff for other purposes. Adaji and Cheme also con­demned what they called the over employment of 142 staff instead of the 76 approved by the visitor to the institution. The Speaker, Mr Titus Uba, frowned at the previous management of the universi­ty, led by Prof Msugh Kembe for misleading the governor on the fact that savings from the attrition was being used for other purposes instead of payment of newly recruited academic staff.