ABUJA- Over 50 armed bandits were said to have been killed on Saturday, in Zamfara state, during when troops of Operation HADARIN DAJI made contact with bandits at Kuriya village, in Zamfara state. Regrettably, four members of the troops were said to have also been wounded during the encounter. Major General John Enenche, Coordinator of the Defence Media Operations, (CDMO), made the disclosure in an operation update, released in Abuja. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said the encilounter which was in continuation of aggressive clearance operation to stamp out banditry in the North West zone, also witnessed the recovery of 334 livestock’s in the state and neighbouring Katsina also. The CDMO said, “troops of Operation HADARIN DAJI yesterday, 9 January 2021 successfully neutralised several armed bandits in Kuriya village of Kaura Namoda LGA of Zamfara State. Lagos Impounds 100 Commercial Motorcycles For Plying Restricted Routes Four Policemen Killed, Station Burnt As Gunmen Attack Onueke Division In Ebonyi “Following actionable intelligence, the gallant troops with close air support by the Air Component,  made contact with bandits at Kuriya village. “In the course of the encounter,  several bandits were killed in action while 4 soldiers sustained injuries. “Human Intelligence confirmed that no fewer than 50 armed bandits were killed in the encounter. Equally, troops recovered 272 livestock from the bandits . “In another development, troops deployed at Dunya village of Danmusa LGA of Katsina State while on routine patrol recovered 62 livestock from armed bandits who fled into the bush on sighting troops. “Currently the gallant troops have continued to dominate the theatre of operation with aggressive patrols to deny criminals freedom of action.” The Military operations spokesman added that the high command of the Nigerian military commended the gallant troops for the feats recorded and encouraged them not rest on their oars until normalcy is restored to all troubled zones of the Country.