The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 last December ordered schools in the country to remain closed until January 18. Few days to the date, the Federal government confirmed January 18, 2021, just as parents and university lecturers are in dilemma over the spiking rate of the virus infection in the country. ROLAND OGBONNAYA writes After weeks of postulations and anxiety, the Federal Government on Thursday finally resolved to go ahead with the January 18, 2021 resumption date for schools nationwide despite the pressure being mounted by some organisations, including the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), against reopening of schools amid the second wave of the pandemic. The decision to go ahead with the January 18 date was taken after due consultations between the Ministry of Education and critical stakeholders in the education sector. The Minister of Education, Alhaji Adamu Adamu, had during the press briefing of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 on Monday said January 18 resumption date was not sacrosanct. He had given an indication that the date would be reviewed without giving further details. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The National President of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Prof Biodun Ogunyemi, had kicked against the reopening of schools amidst escalating rate of the pandemic, urging the government to provide the ideal environment and meet the conditions spelt out by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) before reopening schools across the country. Speaking on Thursday in Abuja, the Minister said, “You will recall that at the Monday briefing of the PTF, I mentioned that the task force directed our ministry to review the January 18 planned resumption date and come back with a decision on whether to retain it or further extend the school closure. Real Estate Mogul, Augustine Onwumere Unveils Big Move Senator Bukola Saraki In Gay Mood “Based on that directive, senior officials in the ministry met on the matter. We took a decision on the matter. Apart from that, we decided to also consult with other stakeholders, like state commissioners for education. We have also done that. “The outcome of our consultation is that majority of the stakeholders want the January 18 resumption date to remain. So, it is now our collective decision that the resumption should remain January 18. We intend to make the formal announcement either today (Thursday) or tomorrow,” Adamu said. This decision is coming at the time when UNICEF says that around 1.6 billion students around the world have been out of school as a result of COVID-19. There has been an avalanche of clamour by students and parents for the government to reopen the tertiary institutions. Some students who spoke to Saturday INDEPENDENT during the week said apart from disorganising the education system and calendar, the long closure of schools has put in jeopardy the future of many students as many may not return to school due to financial handicaps. Adaure Nnaemeka, a 200 level student of Public Administration, Abia State University told our correspondent in Lagos that apart from losing an academic year, things will never be the same again. “I had a set target the year I am going to graduate, but here I am still at 200 level instead of 300 level. I cannot wait to go back to school,” she said. That was also the position of Andrew Aiyede, 300 level engineering student of the University of Benin. He told Saturday INDEPENDENT during the week that he was delighted when he got the information that the university would be opening on January 21. “That’s a big relief for me to resume my academic activities that have been on the limbo for almost a year now. Universities should put in place the rules set aside by the government to contain the pandemic. Nigeria should also be working to acquire the vaccine. “Never again should Nigeria consider another lockdown. The first one did not work in checking or eliminating the virus and the second one will also not help. We should look beyond lockdown,” he said. Students of public universities have been at home since March 2020 when the Academic Staff Union of Universities began a nine-month-long strike over certain demands. The union, however, conditionally suspended the industrial action on December 24, 2020, after a lot of vacillation by lecturers and the Federal Government. A professor of Virology and the Chairman, Expert Review Committee on COVID-19, Oyewale Tomori, during the week, said the responsibility of reopening schools amid the second wave of the coronavirus pandemic doesn’t lie on the government alone but also rests on parents, teachers as well as students. He said no school should reopen until all guidelines by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control on school reopening are met. “There are guidelines which the NCDC has set. Before we do anything, let’s ensure all schools have complied with the guidelines. ASUU, parents, all stakeholders should collaborate and ensure that schools are ready to reopen. It is not in the hands of the government alone but all hands must be on the deck. “The most important person in the control of COVID is individual. Parents should be worried about where they are sending their children to, they should get involved and not just sit at home. They should work with the government and teachers and look at the places and ensure the NCDC guidelines are put in place at learning centres,” Prof Tomori further explained. Speaking to our correspondent earlier this week, Prof Biodun Ogunyemi, ASUU National President, does not have any objection to government reopening the universities. Indeed, ASUU members are prepared to put extra efforts to get the universities going. However, “our union is saying both university authorities and government have not done enough to guarantee the health and safety of our members and our students in going back to classes on the campuses. “Last July 2020, the Federal Government released the Guidelines for Schools and Learning Facilities Reopening after COVID-19 pandemic closures. The goal was to ensure that we all take responsibility for Safe Schools and Quality Learning. As part of the guideline document, stakeholders are expected to conduct a joint assessment for the safe reopening of schools and learning facilities. “Two critical instruments for doing this are the Readiness Checklist and the Compliance Checklist. We have not seen this critical assessment being done in most of our public universities with major stakeholders like the campus-based unions of staff and students participating. But, if the government has done the safety assessment, the reports should be made available to our members and indeed all Nigerians. Ogunyemi said “In other words, we are simply asking the government to apply its own guidelines in a transparent manner to reassure ASUU that the health and safety of its members and their students could be guaranteed in reopening the universities. Among other things, university authorities and government should address questions like what are we doing about the crowded classrooms? What step(s) have been taken to decongest the students’ hostels in order to encourage physical distancing? “We have lost quite a number of our members and professors to COVID-19 already. ASUU cannot fold its arms and watch the emergence of a situation that could complicate matters for the Nigerian academic community. It’s all in the interest of all of our nation and us,” he stressed. As Prof Tomori earlier called for stakeholders’ synergy, the umbrella body of private school owners, the National Association of Proprietors Private Schools (NAPPS), on Thursday had called on the Federal government to keep schools open, saying that the impact of another lockdown on schools will be grievous than the coronavirus itself. Besides, the association lamented that many schools have collapsed and put up for sale while over 30 percent of its members have gone bankrupt and indebted to some financial institutions. NAPPS has noted with grave concerns the recent pronouncement credited to the Federal Government as regards the proposed review of the resumption date of schools fixed for 18th of January 2021 due to the resurgence of the COVID-19 infections in the country. Otubela, who acknowledged the concerns of the government, said NAPPS differs from the review of the date which could keep the schools closed as against the earlier date announced. “We all heard what UNICEF said a few days ago that schools are not drivers of the pandemic and that keeping the schools locked would do more damage to the society in general than the pandemic we are all fighting. “I can say unequivocally that schools are better structured to manage their pupils and students. In big cities like Lagos, Port Harcourt, Kano and others, schools come to the rescue of parents by helping them keep their children safe. “In NAPPS, our members have put all the necessary facilities in place to comply with the directives of the PTF on COVID-19 and the NCDC. While we appreciate the efforts of the government to keep schools safe, we have done a number of things and we suggest the same for public schools. One of which is that there should be strict adherence and enforcement of the safety protocols. “Public schools that have large student population should adopt staggered resumption and lesser number of teaching hours. We also suggest that monitoring teams should go round all schools to ensure compliance and we even want parents to be part of such teams, their children we take care of are also our children,” Otubela added. Recall that with over 83,524 private schools, many teachers and their non-teaching counterparts were placed on half salaries while others received mere palliative from March to September 2020 when the first wave of COVID-19 forced the government to announce total lockdown on the education sector. Vice-Chancellors of some federal and state universities in Nigeria have expressed readiness to reopen schools despite the ASUU objection and fears. Some of the VCs of federal universities claim that there were no guidelines for reopening varsities. Apart from the scare arising from the second wave of COVID-19, another VC said some of them (VCs) had planned to stagger resumption. “I think ASUU should begin to speak to facts. In as much as we do not want the COVID-19 outbreak on our campuses, we had our plans. Some academic activities can resume for classes with a few populations,” one of the VCs said. “LASU recently held examinations for students in compliance with COVID-19 guidelines, and it went well. What do they mean by saying there is no guideline for reopening?” another VC queried. According to report, VC of the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta, Prof. Felix Salako, said the varsity would resume academic activities on January 18, in compliance with the directives of the Federal Government, maintaining that the university was ready to resume academic activities, saying that measures had been put in place, including COVID-19 protocols as stipulated by the Federal Government. Other universities have scheduled their resumption to run through January. He said it was mischievous and political for any lecturer to go to the media to say that the university was not ready for academic activities.