Oyo state Governor, Engr. Seyi Makinde has reassured the people that Oyo state and Nigeria would surmount its prevailing security challenges, stressing that government would continue to remain undeterred in ensuring a better nation. Makinde gave the assurance at the grand finale and laying of wreath ceremony to commemorate the 2021 armed forces remembrance celebration. The armed forces remembrance day celebration which is an annual event commemorated nationwide on 15th January, it is a week long event arranged by the federal government to raise funds and equally raise concern for the welfare of disabled and aged ex service men, their widows as well as children of slain soldiers who fought during the first, second world war, the Nigeria civil war including international peace keeping missions. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The laying of wreath at the cenotaph of the government house, observance of a minute of silence, firing of rounds volley, and a symbolic release of white pigeon to herald peace were high point of activities to commemorate the day while the Governor also inspected the guard of honour. Enugu Extends Yellow Fever Vaccination To 3 LGs, Targets Additional 710,149 Residents COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of March – ACDC, NIMR, Researchers Speaking shortly after the ceremony, Governor Seyi Makinde explained that the remembrance ceremony for the nation’s fallen heroes and war veteran was an opportunity to reassure the people of government unflinching determination to continue to guarantee peace and safety across the nation and Oyo state inspite of security challenges Makinde also expressed hope that with commitment and sacrifice, Nigeria would rise above its many challenges and become a greater nation. The chairman of Nigeria Legion, Oyo state command, Deacon Michael Fajimi in his short remark at the event, appeal to government to do more in terms of welfare for families and welfare of ex soldiers who had rendered meritorious service to fatherland. Security heads in Oyo state, top government functionaries and representatives of widows and children of ex service men amongst other.