LAGOS  – It is not an overstatement to say that it was not easy for consumers in 2020. They were no doubt faced with plethora of unexpected negative conditions that seemingly locked them out from the market. In as much as analysts are finding it difficult to predict what lay ahead in the year 2021, Market Research. com, an online platform has in its latest Report seen growth in the Nigeria food and non-alcoholic drinks market, saying that it will be slow in the first quarter of 2021 as the sector moves from higher than normal growth over 2020. It added that growth in alcoholic drinks spending will perform well as consumer spending patterns normalise at post-Covid-19. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! However, it noted that several demand-side risks will continue to put pressure on non-essential spending over the short term period. As to “Over the medium term”, it stated that spending will remain focused on staple food products, which will see the strongest growth. Assessing LCCI’s Efforts In Connecting Businesses And Creating Value Anambra Community Seeks To Explore Its Natural Resources For Development As it is, every sector of the economy that research might have being conducted on to ascertain how it will fair in 2021, had all those who had ventured into a prediction and who majorly mentioned the risk of a pandemic. It is against the foregoing background that it can be said that prediction in this time of COVID-19 is no doubt hazy, thereby inspiring the headline of this features: “What can Consumers Hope for in 2021? Why would prediction on consumer behavior to market trend not be hazy in the face of a pandemic that, in one year, contaminated, according to official statistics, necessarily an underestimation, more than 55 million people, killed more than 1.5 million people, provoked the worst economic crisis in human history, drove more than 500 million children out of school, made famine reappear where it had disappeared, ruined a very large number of craftspeople, as well merchants, restaurant owners, hotel owners and so many others? Other crises, which were of national dimension but equally tragic and which were not foreseen, occurred, and worthy of mention in this context is the EndSars Protest which avoidably led to the Lekki-Shootings and unprecedented killings of farmers. It is not out of place to say that no consumer market pundit foresaw a year ago the tripartite gory incidents, let alone how they devastatingly impacted on consumer market as prices of food items soared beyond the reach of consumers. While retrospectively looking into the Year 2020, Proshare, an intelligent investing online platform, no doubt saw a bleak year for households as it reported that households in Nigeria are having a terrible time keeping heads above rising socio- economic waters. It says that “In 2020 Nigerian families were cut in several different places starting with higher taxes, a malevolent global health pandemic and serial job losses on the back of multiple company shutdowns. It would be recalled that “The year started with local value added tax rate rising from 5% in 2019 to 7.5% in February 2020. The increase was greeted with mixed feelings, while some analyst felt that it would improve the government’s fiscal balance, others felt that the increase would further impoverish consumers who were battling with rising cost of living reflected in a rise in headline and food inflation. “The COVID-19 pandemic worsened household living standards. The lockdown imposed by the government led to larger job losses, an increase in insecurity, and rampant social unrest. Furthermore, efforts by the government in collaboration with the Private Sector Coalition Against COVID-19 (CACOVID) to reduce the adverse impact of the pandemic on households and businesses had limited effect due to weak fiscal structure and revenue base (COVID-19 hit oil prices negatively). According to Fitch’s Consumer and Retail Report, household spending in Nigeria is expected to return to growth in 2021, after both the Covid-19 and the oil price shock led to a significant contraction in consumer spending over 2020, and noted that an improving economic growth in 2021 will feed through to stronger employment figures, supporting household disposable incomes. It explained, “As such, we project household spending in the country to grow by a real rate of 5.7% y-o-y over 2021, a significant improvement from the -3.5% y-o-y contraction in 2020. Paradoxically, the narratives are quite different when analyzed  from the perspective of the man on the street, who practically bear the brunt of the unfavorable market trend. The man on the street is the one that literarily bears the increasing weight of Nigeria’s inflation rate that rose to 14.23 per cent in October 2020, up from 13.71 per cent in September, driven mainly by the hike in prices of food items as ascertained from the National Bureau of Statistics’ (NBS) monthly inflation report. The NBS explained that the rise in the food index was caused by increases in prices of bread and cereals, potatoes, yam and other tubers, meat, fish, fruits, vegetable, alcoholic and food beverages and oils and fats. The NBS explained that this rise in the food index was caused by increases in prices of bread and cereals, potatoes, yam and other tubers, meat, fish, fruits, vegetable, alcoholic and food beverages and oils and fats. Food inflation rose by 17.38 per cent in October 2020 compared to 16.66 per cent in September 2020. On a month-on-month basis, the food sub-index increased by 1.96 per cent in October 2020, up by 0.08 per cent points from 1.88 per cent recorded in September 2020. The NBS also explained that this rise in the food index was caused by increases in prices of bread and cereals, potatoes, yam and other tubers, meat, fish, fruits, vegetable, alcoholic and food beverages and oils and fats. The situation was no doubt glaring few weeks to the just celebrated Christmas as it was challenging for households as prices of major food items increased across major markets in the country, particularly in Lagos State. As gathered by DAILY INDEPENDENT during the period under reference, a big basket of round-shaped tomatoes spiked by 8.3% sold for an average of N13, 000, while a medium-sized basket now sold for an average of N8, 000, indicating 14.3% increase in two weeks. Also, a big bag of dry onions recorded an 18.2% increase in price, and sold at an average of N97, 500. In the same vein, prices of dairy products and cocoa beverages such as Peak, Dano, Three Crown, and Loya milk, Milo, Ovaltine, and Bournvita all recorded significant increase in price across major markets in Lagos State. Little wonder the Civil Liberties Organisation (CLO) few days to the just celebrated Christmas urged traders and transporters not to hike prices of goods and services to allow every Nigerian participate in the yuletide. Mr. Vincent Ezekwueme, the Chairman of CLO in Anambra, made the plea at a media parley on Friday, December 18, 2020, in Enugu on the essence of Christmas. He also called on religious, traditional and community leaders to use the period, which symbolises love, peace and charity, to reconcile warring families, communities and citizenry. As seen from the rising rate of Consumer Price Index (CPI), Mr. Kennedy Obiekwe, a consumer activist said: “The goal of the CPI is to measure the cost of living and show the effects of inflation on individual consumers”. He opined that the rate as recently released by NBS was not spurious as its accuracy currently reflects across Nigerian markets, saying that the prevailing inflationary rate in the country goes beyond household items. He nostalgically recalled, “The amount of money needed today to buy any given household item would have in the past been used to buy more than two items.” Raphael Ogunmodede, a civil servant in his own opinion said: “As the CPI released by the NBS indicates, it is very glaring that the chances of the consumers in all sectors of the economy making a fair bargain in markets would be dicey”. DAILY INDEPENDENT reports that there is hope for consumers as many experts in their reactions were undivided as they proffered solutions and urged Nigerians to develop an appetite for locally-made products as it remains the only measure to adopt by everyone towards the curbing of the rate of inflation in the country. In as much as experts are exuding hope for consumers, consumers who are unarguably the ones that bear the brunt from negative market trend are exuding anxiety on what their collective would be as 2021 literarily begins its journey on the calendar on January 1. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION