IBADAN – The Ooni of Ile-Ife and Arole Oduduwa, His Imperial Majesty Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi Ojaja II, on Thursday congratulated the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi on his 50th coronation anniversary. Ooni according to a statement by his Director of Media and Public Affairs at the Ooni’s Palace, Comrade Moses Olafare, Ooni Adeyeye described the Alaafin as a unique descendant of Oduduwa and great Nigerian who lives a life of service to humanity. Ooni Ogunwusi described Oba Adeyemi as a revered Nigerian monarch who has always dignified the cultural values of the Yoruba people with great passion, thanking God for blessing him with gift of long reign on the throne of his forefathers, adding that the monarch has seen it all for the country. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Long life is a gift and those favoured by God in his infinite mercy to receive this gift should be celebrated and admired by all, such a person is Oba Lamidi Adeyemi who is among Nigeria’s elder statesmen and great Ooduan who saw this nation through post-colonial, military and democratic eras during his 50 years of reign as the Alaafin. “I am proud of the frontline Yoruba monarch whose contributions to the growth and stabilization of the ancient town of Oyo as well as Yorubaland and Nigeria in general. He is a very responsible elder whose main concern is the promotion of the Yoruba’s prestigious culture, people and tradition in general,” the Ooni appraised. Enugu Extends Yellow Fever Vaccination To 3 LGs, Targets Additional 710,149 Residents COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of March – ACDC, NIMR, Researchers Ooni Ogunwusi who explained that efforts of foremost nationalists like Oba Adeyemi cannot be overemphasized, wishing him more healthy long life filled with prosperity on the throne of Oyo kingdom. The Ooni who is the Co-Chairman of the National Council of Traditional Rulers of Nigeria, urged the Alaafin to continue his usual efforts towards ensuring a better society noting that the country and the entire citizenry have a lot to benefit from Oba Adeyemi’s wealth of experience as and elderly man and a long reigning Nigerian monarch.