Yenagoa- Bayelsa State Governor, Douye Diri, has called on the people of Kolokuma/Opokuma Local Government Area to eschew politics of bitterness and be united in love. Diri said rather than divide themselves, they should take advantage of his administration’s economic policy of being self-reliant in agriculture. He gave the admonition on Sunday in his community, Sampou, which hosted the 8th edition of the annual KOLGA Day/ Thanksgiving Service convened by General Overseer of the Royal House of Grace Church, Apostle David Zilly-Aggrey. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He urged his kinsmen to recognise God’s hand in his emergence and seize the opportunity to better their lot. He noted that he was not the most qualified politician from the local government to govern the state but God destined him to lead the people of Bayelsa. I Have No Intention To Leave PDP, Ikpeazu Replies APC Kwara APC Crisis: Stakeholders Meeting Ends In Stalemate As Governor, Minister Avoid Media Diri said, “This is an event for the Kolokuma/Opokuma people to exude love, unity and peace. Let us not sacrifice our love on the altar of politics. Politics should not be an instrument to divide us. “You are aware that I was one of the apostles of the move to produce a Kolokuma/Opokuma son as governor and for over 10 years I was in that movement. I never knew that one day God would say you are the person to lead.” “In the same vein, I enjoin other local government areas in the state to have a meeting place to talk about the development of their area. It should not always be what you can get as a person from government. This is the time for us to build the roads, build the bridges and go into agriculture, trading and business.” “What will bring food to the table is agriculture, doing business and having small-scale industries. This government is determined to help us move away from relying on politicians and political appointees for assistance.” The governor also recognised the role played by Senator Seriake Dickson, who against all odds stood his ground in line with the purpose of God to see the manifestation of the present administration. He equally called on Bayelsans to recognise the supremacy of God in the affairs of men and turn to Him to be free from all forms of bondage. In his sermon titled, “Yes, God Can,” Apostle Zilly-Aggrey stressed that God had always proved Himself to turn around situations that seemed impossible to man.