The Academic Staff Union Of Univer­sities (ASUU), Lagos Zone, on Tuesday, dismissed the labelling of the ASUU Na­tional recognized leadership of the union at the Lagos State University (LASU) as a faction. Coordinator, ASUU Lagos Zone, Olusiji Sowande, in a statement made available to Daily Independent explained that the working of the union does not give room for the faction in LASU and other institu­tions across the country. In his reaction to a report in a national daily that purportedly referred to the lead­ership of the union at LASU as factional, Sowande charged the general public to have a better understanding of the work­ings of ASUU, and avoid being used by divisive elements to generate misleading narratives. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The statement read in parts, “The at­tention of the National and Zonal leader­ship of our Union, ASUU, has been drawn to a publication in Premium Times dated 2nd January 2021, titled: “LASU VC Ap­pointment: ASUU writes Sanwo-Olu, condemns selection process”, in which the ASUU National recognised leadership of the Union at the Lagos State University was described as a faction. “Consequently, it is necessary to re­affirm the following that the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is one, and has no faction in any Nigerian University, including LASU, and operates an unbroken leadership structure from the branches, through the zones, to the National body. In this unbroken chain of the Union’s leadership is the Dr Isaac Akinloye Oyewumi-led executive of Lagos State University (LASU) Branch. Zulum Orders Quality Assessment Of Private Schools In Borno Intels Disagrees With Atiku Over Alleged Hindrance By FG “Five out of nine current executive members (i.e. the Chairman, Vice-Chair­man, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, and the Treasurer) of ASUU-LASU were maliciously tried on various trumped-up charges and were purportedly dismissed between 2017 and 2019. “The injustices done to the Union leaders in LASU are being challenged in the courts of competent jurisdiction. In line with the constitution of ASUU and its code of practice, until these cases are disposed of in the court of law, or the Na­tional Executive Council (NEC) of ASUU reviews the situation, the Isaac Oyewu­mi-led executive shall continue to be rec­ognised as the leadership of the Union at the LASU Branch. “The Isaac Oyewumi-led executive of ASUU-LASU enjoys the unwavering support of the Union at both Zonal and National levels.”