Authority of the National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) has reiterated that the safety and welfare of young men and women deployed for the national service remain its core priority as camps reopen nationwide on Tuesday,January 19, 2021. This is coming against a story making the rounds on the social media that reopening of camps was for alleged gains of NYSC contractors. Mrs Adenike Adeyemi, the Director, Press and Public Relations, in a statement on Saturday, stated that the story lacked accuracy and facts, saying the scheme in March 2020 shut down all 37 orientation camps at the outbreak of the deadly COVID-19 to avoid its spread in camps.The statement read, “The attention of NYSC Management has been drawn to a story with the caption, “Re:COVID-19: NYSC Ignores Calls To Close Camps Because Contractors Will Lose Source” making the rounds on the social media. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Management wishes to state that the story in its entirety is full of inconsistencies, lacking in facts and accuracy. “Management hereby states that in March 2020, guided by the Scheme’s cardinal policy of prioritising the welfare and safety of Corps Members, staff and collaborating agencies, shut down the 37 camps of the Scheme across the 36 States of the Federation and the Federal Capital Territory. Three Suspected Armed Robbers Arrested In Osun Price Of Cooking Gas Increased In December- NBS “The proactive move, which was devoid of a prod from any quarter was to safeguard the Corps Members and NYSC Officials from contracting the dreaded Coronavirus, an action in consonance with the aforestated policy of the Corps. “In November 2020, the Scheme after putting in place necessary measures for the safe reopening of camps, and guided by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) reopened its camps. “It is imperative to restate that everyone coming into the NYSC camps must undergo COVID-19 test, Corps Members and officials alike. Only those that test negative are admitted into the camps.” The statement assured the general public that the same measures adopted for the November and December 2020 Orientation Courses would be applied to the 2020 Batch “B” Stream II Orientation Course commencing, Tuesday, 19th January 2021, with stricter enforcement of all the safety protocols. Besides, NYSC explained that it will be working closely with the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) for a successful exercise as recorded previously. It urged members of the public to “Disregard the unbalanced and cooked-up reportage designed to deliberately create fear and panic in the minds of unsuspecting Nigerians.” It added, “Management shall continue to give priority attention to the welfare of Corps Members and Officials.” .