PORT HARCOURT – Few months after the blood­bath following the violent #ENDSARS protest, fresh tension is building up in Umueye community of Oyigbo Urban in Oyigbo Local Govern­ment Area of Rivers State over a circular to property owners by indigenous youths of the com­munity over planned demolition of structures for an alleged pro­posed road construction by the Niger Delta Development t Com­mission (NDDC). A circular jointly signed by one Elder Daniel Ogbuji, the chair­man of Umueye Community, Oy­igbo; Nwankwo Chidiebere, Sec­retary, and Micheal Azuh, Youth Leader, respectively, directed res­idents whose properties and sign posts were marked within the road map to remove such prop­erties or risk demolition by the community youths. “This is to inform you that your structure/building and sign boards are marked within the road map of the aforementioned name above. Therefore, you are advised to re-arrange/remove that structure immediately to avoid demolishing it by ourselves for furtheristic/developmental reasons, especially the forthcoming road grading in Umueye road phase 1 and 2,” a circular obtained by our reporter stated. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! It was learnt that some of the residents that were ig­norant of the Land Use Act had started removing their structures out of panic. Some residents of the affected community con­firmed that they received the circular from the group directing them to remove their structures. Wike Lauds Contributions Of Traditional Rulers To Nation Building Olubadan Canvasses Irrigation Farming To Curb Food Shortage A resident of High Ten­sion Area of Umueye, Oy­igbo, Policarp Jonna, said that he was served notice to remove his building for a proposed grading of road. “I received a circular di­recting me to remove my house for a proposed grad­ing of the road. The person that brought the circular told me that Rivers State Government in partnership with Niger Delta Develop­ment Commission (NDDC) have awarded contract for the construction of the road. The person told me that the community has the mandate of NDDC to remove structures that fall within the proposed road,” he said. Jonna wondered why youths of a community could usurp the powers of government and threatened to pull down properties un­der the guise of road con­struction. Another resident, Chik­were Onoka, called on the Chairman of Oyigbo Lo­cal Government Area and Rivers State government to step into the matter to avoid breakdown of law and order. “I wonder what power community people have to pull down properties belong­ing to residents. Under what law can a community asso­ciation derive power to pull down properties belonging to residents? “It’s only government that reserves the power to pull structures under public in­terest law. And they lied that they were directed by NDDC to pull down properties that fall within the proposed road. “If actually NDDC want­ed to construct road could such government agency direct community associ­ation to remove structures on their behalf ? I think this people are criminals that want to extort money from residents under the guise of road construction,” he said. Another resident, who pleaded anonymity, said that one of the youths that brought the circular to his house said that if he could part with N100, 000 his house would not be demolished. “Some of these Oyigbo youths came to my house and handed over a circular directing me to remove my building for a proposed road construction. The boys said that NDDC has awarded con­tract for the reconstruction of the road.” He said that they had the mandate of NDDC to pull down properties that fall within the proposed road. They threatened to bring down my building if I refuse to comply. “But, what baffled me was that the boys came back lat­er and demanded N100, 000 from me. They said that my building will not be demol­ished if I can part with the money,” he stated. Meanwhile, a source from NDDC told our reporter that the commission did not award any recent road con­tract in any part of Oyigbo. Rivers State Commission­er for Urban Development, Ben Chioma, told our re­porter that road construc­tion did not fall under his ministry. Chioma said that in­dividuals had no right to demolish properties under the guise of road construc­tion, pointing out that it was only the government that had the right to ac­quire property under pub­lic interest. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION