Bauchi- A member representing Misau/Dambam Federal Constituency at the Federal House of Representatives in the National Assembly, Honorable Ibrahim Makama has warned members of the All Progressives Congress (APC), in Bauchi State against making derogatory statements against the leader of the Party, Mallam Adamu Adamu. Daily Independent reports that there were allegations by some members of the party, accusing the leader of the party in Bauchi State who is the Minister of Education Mallam Adamu Adamu of not doing enough for members of the party in the State. Makama who handed down the warning while interacting with newsmen in Bauchi on Thursday, said that in every state, where APC does not have a sitting governor and a Minister happens to come from that same state, he automatically becomes the leader of the Party. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He alleged that some people are bent on causing division in the party by saying that the Minister is not doing enough to unite the members. The lawmaker lambasted those insulting the Minister, saying that they are supposed to be his supporters in the State which according to him is very unfair and unhealthy for the growth and development of the party. Akpabio Calls For Partnership In Development Of Niger Delta Region Enugu Govt To Increase IGR By 50 Per Cent “I am not happy over this development in the party, that some members will decide to use derogatory statements about the person of Mallam Adamu Adamu, considering his numerous contributions, support and achievements recorded in the state, particularly during the Dass State Assembly bye-election that was won by APC.” “The Minister is doing a lot for the interest of the party in the state and so far, he has performed well. The Minister has achieved so much for the success of the party in the state but to my surprise, no one is talking about the great role he played that helped APC to win the State assembly bye-election.” “This is very unfortunate that some members of the party are still in the habit of blaming people for their woes, this must stop immediately. We had a power tussle in the party even when everyone agreed that the minister has now become the leader, some members of the party are bent on fault-finding because of their ambition. There is no member of a political party in Nigeria, that does not have an ambition.” “We have a good chance to win the governorship election in Bauchi State in 2023.The minister has his own shortcomings which he has come to terms with and he has already taken steps to address most of the problems that he was accused of. It is high time to forget our differences and unite ourselves and to support the leadership of the minister in order to move the party forward”, he said