Convener OneUnitedAfrica, Bimbo Daramola (alias Congressman) has expressed concern over the silence of African leaders to a grand conspiracy to depopulate the black continent by some evil-minded white supremacists. Daramola, a former member of the National Assembly, therefore charged the leaders to rise to the occasion and challenge the plot to legitimize modern-day genocide on innocent blacks. In the statement entitled #AFRICANLIVESMATTER made available to SATURDAY INDEPENDENT, Daramola argued that it was unthinkable that no Africa Leader had come out to condemn the sinister agenda . ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The OneUnitedAfrica crusader lamented that the criminal silence of major stakeholders in the African project was a clear departure from the vision and ideals of its founding fathers. He warned that it would be a betrayal of trust if the present crop of African leaders allow the bizarre agenda to fly. Sanwo-Olu Commends Nation’s Security Officers COVID-19 Resurgence: Stakeholders In Dilemma Over Schools Resumption He said: “The thoughts of depopulation is morbid, the plan to consciously agree to legitimise modern day genocide is simply inhuman and cruel. “Fifty-four Heads of State, superintending over the fate of 1.3billion people spread over 30.37million km cannot respond to the statement to kill a third of these innocent people as declared by just one woman in cahoot with her husband. Where is the spirit of our African forefathers?” “It is always someone else’s or nobody’s problem until we become victims! -then it will be too late to pretend or deny. “African leaders must react to the denigrating statement of Melisa Gates about a depopulation agenda that was planned with Africa as greatest casualties. This does not obviate COVID-19 realities, it may help us to understand, and give us new insight-African lives matter,” Daramola admonished. Daramola, an advocate of free and united Africa had led a far-reaching and sustained campaign on Endxenophobia/ EndblackOnBkack Violence in the continent. He had also enlisted the supports of many African leaders. A few days ago, a video went viral where a white supremacist, in a 40-minute recording quoted Bill Gate as saying that  “About 3billion people need to die in this planet earth for the purpose of sterilisation and population control.” The supremacist, in his evil mind, claimed that there were many undesirable black elements on the planet earth still competing for space with the whites, hence suggesting outright elimination of the blacks as the only option left to address his so called danger. The Supremacist further said: ‘There are so many people on the planet we need to get rid of. And we start with Africa. We start doing our research there. We need to eliminate most Africans because they are deplorable; they are worthless and they are not part of the world economy. Their rights have been taken away and they are suppressed.’