Times without number, Nigerians of different socio-economic background have lent their weight behind the necessity for a realignment and re-distribution of power relationships among the different tiers of administration in the country namely the Federal, State & Local Governments. Given the frequency of the clamour for the devolution of responsibilities among the Federal, State and Local Governments, the concept of restructuring is one of the most debated issues in Nigeria. The current trend signposts the fact that Nigerians are increasingly looking inwards for solutions to their governance challenges This does not mean that all Nigerians are on the same page regarding restructuring. It is the argument of some that restructuring will likely bequeath to Nigeria a weak Federal Government incapable of whipping the states and local government councils into a line of conformity especially when Nigeria’s national interest is threatened. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! It is the submission of the school of thought that such condition will likely inflict a state of hopelessness on Nigeria and lay a foundation for the dismemberment of the country. The concept of the national interest is rather elastic. From time to time, countries including Nigeria shift the goalposts for as many times as they wish in defining their national interests. If the concept of national interest results in allowing the Fedral Government to usurp the age-long constitutional responsibilities of the State and Local Government so as to become responsibly powerful to breathe down hard on the necks of the component units and coarse them into compliance, then there will continue to be opposition to restructuring. Remembering Leah Sharibu In Captivity The Danger Of New COVID-19 Variants But if the Federal Government, is run democratically like every other tier of administration reflecting the mortal words of the 16th president of the United States of America (USA), Mr Abraham Lincoln that: “Democracy is the Government of the People, by the people and for the people,” then the central government does not need to be wheeled into dictatorship as that runs contrary to Lincoln’s legendary governance integrity check. By allocating many responsibilities to the Federal Government, the latter has become profoundly over-burdened and less effective and efficient. some of the items placed in the Exclusive Legislative List for the sole handling of the federal government include Rail, Eletricity, Oil and Gas as well as solid mineral deposits. State and Local governments have no choice than to endlessly wait for the federal government to enjoy the dividends of democracy in respect of Rail, in land waterways, Electricity, Oil and Gas and solid mineral exploration and exploitation. Nigeria has remained on a retrogressive path as a result of failure to address the present state of things. The continued turning of deaf ears to the push for restucturing will continue to delay Nigeria’s march towards sustainable development. This informs the need to review the power relationships on different tiers of administration for more effective and efficient governance in the country. While sanitation should be left at door steps of local governments, State Governments should be mandated to have responsiblity for the inland waterways, oil, gas and solid mineral deposits in their areas of jurisdiction. Education and health should continue to remain on concurrent legislative list so as to ensure unhindered development at a pace conducive to either of the component units as was the case up to 1966. We note with dismay that the state governments have usurped some of the long functions of the local government councils such as the establishment, maintainance and administration of public cemeteries, markets, parks, gardens, inter and intra city trasportation. Equally wrong is the accounts between states governments and local councils and the insistence of the executive branch that funds meant for the Judicial and Legislative arms of government at the states be channelled through them for disbursement to their intended beneficiaries. The State Governments already have a lot on their hands and should be wiser not to allow themselves to be over burdened by many matters including those ones that they are ill- equipped. The 774 Local Government Areas are the closest to the grassroots and are in the most suitable position to fully feel the pulse of the people. To allow state governments to continue to usurp some of the key functions of Local Government Areas will continue to produce one consequence: sustained inability to meet the welfare expectations of the people at the grassroot.