LAGOS- Having served his fans with ear scintillating doses of his music ever since his debut, Nigerian reggae/trap/dancehall musician, Godwin Joshua Chimezie, better known as Wizza Of Africa is set to serenade lovers of good music with a new EP, titled ‘Deep Truth’. Speaking on the 7-track EP billed to drop in February first 2021, he said; “I have dropped the first EP, titled ‘Recreation’, inspired by God. Then I dropped another one titled ‘2021 Seal’. I’ll be dropping another one which I titled ‘Deep Truth’.” “The inspiration behind the title is because people need to hear the truth. They need to know the truth, they need to be close to God, so that’s why I’m dropping it now because the world is not safe, balance needs to be restored.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! On his expectations for the EP, he said, “My expectation for this EP is that people will really see how the living God works; because some people are like ‘what’s going on?’, and this and that, but it’s all God. So, the EP is all on God.” Speaking further, Wizza of Africa explained why he chose to release the EP during the Covid-19 second wave. “I’m doing this now because the world needs liberation. God comes when the world is in problem. God sends His people to heal the world.” Amazon Film Recounts Epic Meeting Of Cassius Clay, Sam Cooke, Malcolm X, Jim Brown Tonto Dikeh To Lead 2021 Africa Peace Award Team In Guinea Bissau “You need to listen to the truth. You need to liberate yourself and be prepared and that’s why I keep dropping the message because my song is a message. It doesn’t have a time frame”, he stated. Adding, he explained why there were no collaborations or features on the EP. “No, no collaborations or features on the EP. We tried to, but I and my management decided not to, so we can concentrate on ourselves for now”, he said. Wizza of Africa who is known to be a preacher of love seized the opportunity to correct the notion that he is love. He noted, I am love. Being a preacher of love means that I’m spiritual, that I understand who God really is, I know God is love.”