Oyo State government has revealed a new ease of payment plan for waste evacuation in the State with effect from March 2021. With this plan in place, payment of cash to waste contractors will cease and this will bring about efficiency and accountability in the system, to serve the generality of Oyo State citizens better. This was revealed on Wednesday in Ibadan by the State’s Commissioner for Environment and Natural Resources Dr. Abdulateef Idowu Oyekele, while briefing journalists on new measures to tackle challenges of waste management, especially in the State capital, Ibadan. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to Oyeleke, the new payment plan would be more sustainable as it would integrate private sector participation (PSP) in the timely and efficient collection and management of wastes across the nooks and crannies of the State. “This modern architectural policy is such that both the PSP and the waste consultant would be working hand in hand, the PSP goes to houses and communities for the collection of waste while the revenue consultant would be distributing bills to residents with a code clearly written on the bills supplied to them for seamless payment. Foundation Wants More Support For Widows Democrats Poised To Control US Senate, Giving Biden Upper Hand “In view of the new payment system, residents are enjoined to embrace the current payment architecture till the end of next month. “The new system has been successfully adopted in other States and has helped them towards the fulfillment of the State Government’s unwavering commitment towards ensuring a clean, safe and environmentally friendly State.” The Commissioner said the system would help in generating employment opportunities for private partners that are yet to be engaged in the strive to boost the State’s commercial activities. He also added that the new payment plan for the PSP would be determined by the tunnage of waste discharged at the dump site, maintaining that the new system would help in ensuring more transparency in the entire waste management chain. Abdulateef therefore urged residents to embrace the culture of prompt payment as this would go a long way in ensuring a clean and green environment for all.