Chief Sunny Onuesoke, a former governorship aspirant in Delta state, has said that though the security situation in the country is pathetic and scary, there are better available options of improving security instead of the call for the federal government to allow Nigerians bear arms to protect themselves due to the worsening security situation in the country. Onuesoke made this known while reacting to the statement credited to Prof. Itse Sagay (SAN), the Chairman of the Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption (PACAC). “Unfortunately the security situation in the country is pathetic and very scary because the Buhari-led government has failed on its duty to secure the lives and properties of the people. That Nigerians can no longer sleep with both eyes closed goes to tell how terrible the situation”. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “ I think there are better available options that can be employed to improve the situation of things, Prof. Itse Sagay’s advice to the federal government is self-denial of the sad reality on ground and an attempt to shift the goal post because he is in bed with the government of day under whose watch the people are becoming a refugee in their country”. “Though it shouldn’t have gotten to this point where there is call for individuals to take up arm to protect themselves but what do you expect when the government of the day has continued to renege on its obligation to fulfill its part of the social contract with the people? “ You Can’t Win PDP Ticket By Inducing Members Of NWC, Odefa Tells Aspirants Madubuko, Anambra Commissioner Resigns, Alleges Threat To Life Onuesoke further argued that allowing Nigerians to bear arms as a means of protecting themselves may get things out control due to inadequate database for background check on individual and the unpredictable nature of Nigerians who are faced with so much uncertainty at the moment. “Allowing individuals to take up arms as a means to protect themselves may result to anarchy, doom and national disaster in a country like ours where there no adequate database for proper background check, low level of awareness on mental evaluation and the unpredictable nature of Nigerians faced with so much uncertainties due to failure on the part of the APC/Buhari-led government” “With dwindling economic fortunes, hunger and increasing uncertainty in the land, allowing Nigerians to bears arms to defend themselves may just be the beginning of the end as this could lead to unnecessary bloodletting, reprisal attack, carnage and killing-spree because majority of the people are angry and would be looking for every opportunity let lose, which may result in even worse scenario like we used to have in the United State”. He however posited that restructuring and a declaration of national emergency on security is the way forward if the government is sincere in its bid to grapple with the scourge of insecurity currently threatening the very foundation of this country. “The way forward is restructuring and a rejig of the security architecture of the country, improved welfare packages for our security personnel, heavy investment on modern security gadget and equipment to boost the morale of the security personnel in combating criminal activities and a declaration of national emergency on security across the country” he concluded. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION