P/HARCOURT  – The old jetty that connects businesses between the city of Port Harcourt, Rivers state capital and Bonny, the seat of the Nigerian Liquefied Natural Gas, NLNG, and the fishing settlement of Nembe in Bayelsa state, has taken a brand new look. The jetty enhances the transfer of goods and services from the city to the hinterland while sea foods such as fish, crayfish among others are exported to the other parts of the country through Port Harcourt. However, the state Governor, Nyesom Wike has threatened to shut down the Bonny-Bille-Nembe if there are reported cases of criminality or physical violence in the area. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The governor said the zeal to provide an enabling environment for sea travelers and boost marine economy of the state, spurred his administration to remodel the once dilapidated jetty first built in the 1950s. He stated this at the commissioning of the remodeled Bonny-Bille-Nembe Jetty by the Governor of Sokoto State, Rt. Hon Aminu Waziri Tambuwal last weekend. ‘Pay NDDC’s N1.3trn Debt To Commence Fresh Development Stride Of Niger Delta Region’ NAOC Faults Ijaw Youths On Claims Of Victimisation Governor Wike, said he decided to remodel the once filthy and disused jetty because he firmly believes that the people of the State deserve the best infrastructure required to boost economic activities and enhance the well-being of the people. The governor noted that while government will not relent in providing infrastructure needed to create an enabling environment for business to thrive, it will not tolerate criminal activities around the remodeled jetty. “Those of you too who want to use this place, don’t turn it to a place of criminality, and If you do that I will shut it down because I have no room for criminality and I want to tell anybody who cares.” Governor Wike stated that he will not hesitate to shut down the jetty if any passenger travelling to and fro Bonny, Nembe or Bille is reportedly kidnapped around the jetty. “Don’t come here and kill people. Don’t come here and kidnap people. Don’t come here to act as thugs and criminals.” The governor ordered the contractor to erect concrete wall around the jetty in order to make it inaccessible for non-travelers. He also directed the Commissioner for Transport to ensure the departure and arrival hall at the jetty is furnished within the next two weeks. He further declared that the sterling accomplishments of his administration have silenced the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the State. Governor of Sokoto State, Rt Hon Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, commended Governor for the judiciously applying the resources of State to address pressing needs of the people. “It is not just about earning revenues, be it revenues from FAAC or from IGR. It is about having the grace of God in applying those revenues to the needs of the people. That is what I see here happening in Rivers State.” Governor Tambuwal said he has seen roads being constructed, hospitals being built and several other infrastructural developments going on across the State. To this end, he said Governor Wike has justified the confidence repose on him by people of Rivers State. He described the jetty as a very critical project that will go a long way to further make transportation easy and indeed easier for the people of the riverine communities of the State. According to him, movement of goods and services will be made easier, and businesses, communicate and safety of people will be improved. “You have done a lot in the area of human capital development. You have done a lot in the infrastructural development of the state and importantly bringing back security and safety of life in Rivers State. That is very key and that is very fundamental.” Prince Uche Secondus, the National Chairman of the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP), advised the Federal Government to emulate Governor Wike in provision of basis amenities.