President Muhammadu Buhari has finally conceded that in order to secure the future of Nigeria, the security of its youth is non-negotiable. This is as he reaffirmed the commitment of his administration to the people of the country, with a particular focus on the youths. The Septuagenarian Nigerian president made the declaration on Friday in his 2021 New Year broadcast to the nation. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! In his rather new-found passion for the generation he had earlier sold off as lazy and comfort-loving, Buhari described the youths as the most valuable natural resource of the country who needed encouragement and support. The handsome Nigerian civil war veteran posited: “In this journey to nationhood, we have experienced the highs and lows. 2020 indeed came with a lot of challenges ranging from security and economic issues across the regions to understandable protests that were mainly led by our youths and served notice to the demand for police reforms and accountability. This government heard, this government listened and this government is committed to fulfilling the five demands of our youths, fully understanding that we all wish well for Nigeria. Ex-Lawmaker Fetes PDP Members, Distributes Palliatives 2021: Osun APC Promises All-Inclusive Governance “In the midst of all these challenges, I had initially pledged that as your elected President and Commander-in-Chief, I would ensure that these ongoing challenges will be faced head-on with a renewed determination and with all the appropriateness and urgency required. He further assured the youth: “Your voices have been heard and we would continue to listen to you, and all the key stakeholders who are committed to the unity of Nigeria to ensure that every region of this nation is safe for us all while guaranteeing that the future is also secure for the coming generation. “I wish to also use this occasion of New Year to reaffirm my commitment to the people of Nigeria, especially the youth who need our collective encouragement and support. In securing this nation we need to secure the future of our youth. “Our young people are our most valuable natural resource, at home and abroad. Their ingenuity, creativity, innovation and entrepreneurial spirit is evident to all. Many of our young people are excelling in various spheres of life including sports, entertainment, information and communication technology, commerce and are globally recognized as achievers. “As a Government we are committed to actively engaging with the creative energies of our young people. In this regard, we will partner with the legislature to develop an enabling environment to turn their passions into ideas that can be supported, groomed and scaled across regions. This will create vast opportunities in fintech, agriculture, business process startups and in the entertainment industry.” For the umpteenth,  Buhari has again pledged that his government would re-energise and reorganise the security apparatus and personnel of the armed forces and the police with a view to enhancing their capacity to engage, push back and dismantle the operations of both internal and external insurgent groups tormenting the nations from various communities in parts of the country. Speaking on the  economy, President Buhari reiterated that his government was focused on revamping the economy through the national economic diversification agenda towards the goal of national food self-sufficiency. According to him, the programme has helped reduce the food-related inflationary figures; noting also that it has positively impacted on the nation’s food security status during the long months of the pandemic lockdown. “On the anti-corruption drive of our administration, we have recorded substantial gains so far and this year, we are committed to continuing along the path of eradicating corruption, through collaboration with all the arms of Government to effectively prosecute this fight,” Buhari re-committed. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION