…Accuses Governor Of Throwing State Into Economic Woes Abuja- Indigenes of Ebonyi State under the auspices of Association of Ebonyi State Indigenes in the Diaspora (AESID) have drawn a battle line against the State Governor, Dave Umahi over allegations of plans to impose a successor on the state. The group also declared that it will resist any attempt to impose any leader or persons who have records of having been used to dispense mindless violence on the state. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! In a statement by its President, Ambassador Paschal Oluchukwu, AESID lamented the growing negative statistics and economic woes of the state which it blamed on the poor leadership style of the Governor. The group which said it is poised to pursue a course of action that would reverse the current deplorable condition of things in the state, also insisted that indigenes must lookout for competence and credibility in the choice of who will occupy the government house in Abakiliki. Selecting Umahi’s Successor Must Be Based On Competence, Not Zoning- AESID Ondo PDP Leaders Dissociate Selves From Members’ Suspension It implored “every Ebonyian and lover of our dear State to seek out in any intending aspirant or candidate is competence and credibility which would ultimately translate into such a leader’s capacity to reverse the numerous growing negative statistics and economic woes that the current government of Umahi has brought upon our dear State.” This is as it also asked the people of the state to continue to study the track records contenders and place them same side-by-side with the prevailing challenges facing the state, while at the same time, seeking out for only those who can reverse the negative indices bedeviling the state. The Association was reacting to a social media commentary by one Sunday Okwerike of Izhi youngsters on social media who lamented that the rest of Ebonyians should leave the battle for Umahi’s successor in 2023 to the Governor’s Izhi clan. In the statement AESID stressed that “apart from the incontrovertible fact that there has never been a time when the rest of the zones in the State allowed only aspirants and candidates from a particular part of the state to seek the governorship office in keeping with the so-called unwritten charter of equity and power, pundits and analysts such as Okwerike should be made to know that power only comes from above and it is never given but taken.” “We, as a group has variously raised the alarm over the rising poverty in the State which has placed us in a woeful third position among the 36 States of the federation and whoever wish to succeed Umahi must not only be worried about this ugly trend but have the feasible prognosis to proffer credible solutions to them,” it added. According to Oluchukwu, the current APC government in the state has remained a family business with capital flights being the order of the day. The statement also accused the Governor of conflict of interests and abuse of office including award of contracts to the least thing as production of nails, to himself and his family members. “This is why the government has placed higher premium on concrete roads, flyovers and decorative water fountains cum lights over and above the economic survival of a greater number of Ebonyians,” it retorted. Come 2023, Ebonyi people should choose, follow, support and elect a leader who would run an all-inclusive government that would see humans as humans and not as machines. The group therefore called on the people of the state to place their economic survival as topmost agenda which it insisted “is more important than the antiquated zoning of political positions that would not afford us to put our best foot forward as Umahi’s successor in 2023.” “More so, our people will not elect any leader who has shown manifest greed and looting of previously or presently occupied public office, neither would we encourage them to support anyone hanging on the shoulders of any leader who has vaults in his massive country-home wherein he’s been saving looted public funds. Finally, we caution politicians against any sponsored divisive articles or positions that may cost Ebonyi the opportunity of redeeming its vanishing image and glory caused by Umahi’s rapacious greed and selfishness” it maintained.