LAGOS – Following the acquisition of three insurance companies which involves Law Union & Rock Insurance Plc, Tangerine Life (former United Metropolitan Life) and the ARM Life by Verod Capital, a new composite risk management firm with the name Tangerine LUR will soon emerge, Daily Independent has gathered. Verod Capital is an Anglophone company with various interests in insurance companies that include Tangerine Life, ARM Life and recently acquired a pension fund administrator. It also has interest in technology companies, CSCS Plc, pharmaceutical company. According to Mr Mayowa Adeduro, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Law Union & Rock Insurance Plc, which is already at the threshold of N11billion, will become a composite entity with a new name Tangerine LUR. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “We have gone so far with our recapitalisation. When the National Insurance Commission announced the recapitalisation, some companies did not take it seriously. But our board and management took it very seriously. We launched out very early. “We were looking for two options: merger and acquisition and a buyout. The merger and acquisition did not work out for us but the buyout did. We were able to get Verod Capital, which invested in Law Union & Rock, and bought out the previous ownership of the company. So, as we are speaking, Verod Capital owns Law Union & Rock 100 per cent through schemes of arrangement that were well publicised. Ibukun Awosika: Strategic Thinker, Hyperactive MAN Wants Govt To Position SON For AfCFTA, Generates Over N302m From Onne Port In 2020 “Both the Tangerine Life and Law Union will become the Tangerine LUR through a name change so that we will network properly and take advantage of cost optimisation. So, we are very glad that we got to this level and we are completing our recapitalisation. We should be able to ring the bell to say we have fully complied in terms of recapitalisation. “Verod has a wide interest in other entities. We hope that we will create a niche in all of these areas to be able to build Law Union to take more advantage of brand recognition and market share. “We see Law Union growing in the threshold of 30 to 40 per cent even in the first year of Verod’s coming. This is far above the industry growth rate, which last year was just about 10 per cent for general business and about 29 per cent for life business. So, we see Law Union playing above the life business,” said Mr Adeduro. The Law Union boss is optimistic that the company will be playing in the top five both in life and general business within the insurance sector, assuring that with Verod’s flair for business development, the brokers are already keying into us.