LAGOS – The World Health Organisation (WHO) has alleged that Beijing blocked the team investigating the origins of coronavirus from entering the country and condemned the actions of Chinese government. WHO Director General, Tedros Ad­hanom Ghebreyesus said he was “very disappointed” with the last-minute bar on entry, in a rare castigation of Beijing from the UN body. A 10-strong team was due to arrive in China this week after months of pains­taking negotiations. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Beijing is determined to control the origin story of the virus, which has killed more than 1.8 million people so far and laid waste to global economies. The first cases of the coronavirus were recorded in the central Chinese city of Wuhan in late 2019, prompting accusations of chaotic, secretive han­dling by Chinese authorities which led to its spread beyond China. Southern, Middle Belt Forum Appoints Nwodo As National Coordinator Bullish Momentum Returns As Equities Market Gains 0.17% Recall that the US President Donald Trump called the pandemic the ‘China virus.’ But, Beijing has so far resisted pres­sure for a full independent probe into the early days of the outbreak. Instead, it has seeded doubt as to whether the pandemic even started inside its bor­ders. The WHO mission was billed as a way to cut through the rancour and seek clear answers on how the virus jumped from animals to humans. But, with some of the team already in transit, Beijing had yet to grant them entry, the WHO chief said. “Today, we learned that Chinese officials have not yet finalised the nec­essary permissions for the team’s ar­rivals in China,” Tedros told reporters on Tuesday. “I am very disappointed with this news, given that two members had al­ready begun their journeys and others were not able to travel at the last min­ute.” He stressed that he had been in con­tact with senior Chinese officials to make clear “that the mission is a pri­ority for WHO and the international team.” “I have been assured that China is speeding up the internal procedure for the earliest possible deployment,” Tedros added.