Mesut Ozil could still cost Arsenal £8.75million as they have been left with “fears” over his transfer. The German reportedly agreed a three-year deal with Turkish side Fenerbahce, having endured a “toxic” relationship with the north London side. Dr Erkut Sogut, the midfielder’s agent, has said that the move will come in the next 10 days as his client has not played Premier League or Europa League football this season. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! But there are concerns in the club that the 32-year-old could snub an immediate move and take some hefty fees from his current side. Ozil’s contract at Arsenal still has 25 weeks left to run at £350,000 per week, meaning he can still pick up £8.75m until the end of June. Nigeria’s Problems Are Generational, Says Ohaneze Ndigbo Chieftain Arteta Confirms Arsenal’s First January Signing While his last agreement means the midfielder will pick up a huge “loyalty bonus” at the end of the deal – even if he continues to not play. It makes a stark contrast to Fenerbahce’s situation, withe the club currently battling £275m of debt which has seen them ask fans for donations to the wage bill. And this has led to fears at Arsenal that Ozil could close to stay in north London and take the fees from his contract rather than move immediately. Ozil has not played for the Gunners since the 1-0 win over West Ham in March 2020, providing the assist for Alexandre Lacazette’s late goal. Following the national lockdown, the German was kept on the bench by Mikel Arteta while picking up an injury at the end of the season. But he was not called up to the squad again this season, leaving the 32-year-old to watch on as his side struggle in the bottom half of the Premier League. The last four months have only seen Ozil’s relationship with the club worsen, “leaking” rumours of a toxic dressing room in north London. While the board may be happy to see the German go, fans were left distraught when news of an agreement with Fenerbahce broke. Leaving Arsenal with a No.10 shirt to fill, Daily Star took a look at six players Arteta could choose to replace the 32-year-old.