Following the abduction of no fewer than 18 police operatives by bandits in Kaduna state on Friday, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has tasked President Muhammadu Buhari to his lethargic approach by taking very urgent steps to tackle terrorism in the country. Condemning the abduction and killing of security operatives by terrorists and bandits in the country, the PDP noted that the situation is getting worsen by the day, adding that “the latest being the abduction of no fewer than 18 police operatives by bandits in Kaduna state.” Highlighting the failures of Mr. President to coordinate an effective fight against terrorism in the country, the PDP tasked President Buhari to show concern to the plight of Nigerians who are being ravaged by terrorists, bandits, kidnappers and vandals. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! PDP, in a statement by its spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan, noted that the activities of these terrorists have been emboldened by the indolent and languid attitude of President Buhari’s administration, including its recent dismissive statement to Nigerians to “wait on God” for solution. “President Buhari should listen to Nigerians and rejig his command structure, which has become so weak that officials now rationalize acts of terrorism to the extent of blaming victims, as was the case in the 43 farmers recently beheaded by terrorists in Borno state. Kebbi Gov’t. Reconstructs 1,050 Shops At N2bn, Says Gov. Bagudu New Commissioner Of Police In Adamawa Calls For Public’s Cooperation “The situation has become so bad that it took Chadian President Idris Derby to personally lead his troops into our territories to rout out insurgents and free Nigerian communities and our soldiers held captive by terrorists. “It is indeed unfortunate that despite the manifest security lapses, Mr. President has refused to respect the consensus by Nigerians across board, as validated by the two chambers of the National Assembly to rejig his security architecture, by replacing his service chiefs with more competent hands,” the party said. The PDP called on President Buhari to demonstrate a sense of responsibility to the duties of his office in the interests of vulnerable Nigerians who are daily falling victim to bandits, terrorists and kidnappers prowling the land. “Mr. President must know that Nigerians have become despondent due to his failure to provide leadership to our troubled nation,” PDP said. In a related development, the PDP has called for an inquest into the role played by the police in the killing of Master David Ntekim-Rex by suspected armed robbers in Jibowu, Lagos. The PDP described as irresponsible, the reported refusal by police operatives to offer any help to save the life of the award winning 22 year old computer system engineer, but rather engaged in photo ops, as the promising young Nigerian continue to bleed. PDP, in a statement by its spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan said, “it is horrendous that while the victim gasped for breath, the police, who ought to have provided help and take action to track down the assailants, reportedly took pictures of the dying youth and showed more interest in his laptop. “Our party holds that this action of the said police operative makes them culpable for failing in their statutory duties of saving lives, which also amounts to a very grievous offence under our laws and before humanity.” In the same vein, the PDP expresses worry over the alleged refusal by the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LUTH) and the Military Hospital to attend to the victim, leading to his eventual death. The PDP asserted that the reported actions of the police and the hospitals are in clear violation of the “Compulsory Treatment and Care for Victims of Gunshot Act 2017”, which establishes the right of every person with gunshot wounds to be treated and also provides, as a duty, for security agents and agencies to assist such victims. “Our party therefore calls on Inspector General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, to immediately commence a full inquest into the roles played by his men and the hospitals in the unfortunate death of Citizen David Ntekim-Rex,” the party said.