Poised to tackle insecurity and enhance community policing, the Ogun State government says that the South west Security Net­work, Amotekun, will kick off in the state this January. Apart from Amotekun, the state government will also com­mence the implementation of Residents Identification Cards, to provide a reliable database of the people living in the state. The state governor, Dapo Abiodun, who made these known in his New Year broad­cast, added that the State Health Insurance Scheme, which had been provided with N100m seed fund, will take off in the first quarter of 2021. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to Abiodun, the Amotekunsecurityoutfit, which wouldcomplement theeffortsof existingsecurityagencies, would be headed by a Retired Commis­sioner of Police, as its Comman­dant ongoing”. “Our Amotekun Security Network will also take off this month to complement the efforts of other security agen­cies including the community policing of the Nigeria Police. An experienced and reputable retired Commissioner of Police has been appointed as the Com­mandant, and the recruitment of personnel is ongoing,” he noted. Sanwo-Olu Welcomes First Babies Of The Year 2021 Crossover Service: Taskforce Scores Churches High On COVID-19 Compliance While reiterating the desire of his administration to deepen its focus on Infrastructure, Social welfare and well-being, Educa­tion, Youth empowerment and job creation and Agriculture (ISEYAAgenda) inthenewyear, thegovernorsaid thatthesecond phase of 150 units of houses at the Prince Court Estate, Kemta, Abeokuta and other housing projects at Kobape, Sagamu, Ilaro, Ota, Ijebu-Ode and Iperu, would be completed this year. He pointed out that the year 2021 Budget named “Budget of Recovery and Sustainability” with a size of N338.6b he just signed, will aid his government in ensuring strategic allocation of resources to different sectors of the economy. The governor explained that his administration had in 2019, laid a solid foundation with the hope of actualising its vision but was disrupted by the COVID-19 pandemic which struck the country with the state having the index case. He said despite the setbacks and frustrations as the result of the pandemic, the state made some achievements in the areas of housing, health, agriculture, education and youth employ­ment, which has led to his being conferred with several awards. These awards, according to himinclude, BestGovernorwith the Most Improved Security by Business Day Newspaper, Best Governor in Education, by the National Parents Teachers As­sociation of Nigeria, Best Gov­ernor in Agriculture and Best in Affordable Housing Delivery by the Nigeria Housing Awards. Abiodun stated further that contract for the construction of 165.30km of roads across the state had been awarded, while rehabilitation and palliative on 88.60km of roads was on-going as well as building and rehabil­itating over 954 classrooms in public schools and the introduc­tion of Virtual learning during the COVID-19 pandemic. The Governor also said work wason-goingatthevariouslega­cy projects including the NNPC-Kuto, Kuto Bridge, Ilaro-Owode andOluwalogbon-Imowo-Ejirin roads, just as the Osi-Ikole-Navy road in Ota, Ashafa- Oke Fusig­boye-Molipa road in Ijebu-Ode, Oba Erinwole road Sagamu andaccessroadaroundOdoAfa Bridge in Idiroko, Ipokia. He noted that his govern­ment’seffortsonagriculturewas yielding positiveresultsasitwas number one in rice and cassava production in the south west, de­claring Ogun was gradually be­coming the nation’s food basket thus guaranteeing food security. Abiodun appreciated the people for keeping faith with his administration and stressed the need for individual responsibili­ty by observing all non-pharma­ceutical guidelines like proper wearingof facemasks, socialdis­tancing and regular washing of hands to guide against another lock down. He also called on traditional rulers, religious, community leaders and the media to help in sensitising the people of the severity of the second wave of COVID-19, adding that his ad­ministration remained focused despite the virus as it was delib­erate, systematic, methodical, inclusive and structured in responses which helped in con­fronting the many challenges of last year. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION