The ruling All Progressives Congress in the State of Osun has vowed to consolidate on its previous achievements in critical sectors of the economy and continue to provide inclusive governance across the state without discrimination whatsoever. This pledge was contained in the new year statement released by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Comrade Wole Adunola. The party noted that the year 2020 was indeed a very turf and challenging one across the world as a result of the global pandemic, covid-19, which almost brought the world to its knees. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The statement reads, “as a party, we want to congratulate the people of Osun on the occasion of the new year, it is indeed very pleasing as every one had been looking forward to the end of the year 2020” ” No doubt, the year we just ended, was a challenging one across the globe, nevertheless, we must thank God for the rare privilege that we are alive today to witness a new year” Mrs. Oyetola Welcomes Osun First Baby 2021 Buhari’s New Year Address, Empty, Directionless- PDP “As a ruling party, our government tackled the pandemic head-on and this was evident in the little share we had despite many threats and indicators as a result of a significant number of returnees we had from neighboring countries “ “While the pandemic continues threatening all sectors of the economy, our government led by Governor Gboyega Oyetola continues to deliver on its electoral promises, many roads are being built across the state, a continuation of the revitalization of 332 primary health centers, unveiling and commencement of work on Dagbolu International Trade Centre, Osun Ethanol Bio-Refinery factory, both aimed at industrialising the state and move permanently from being a civil service state. Our government have also put the welfare of the state workforce on the front burner among many other critical interventions in various sectors” “As we usher into the new year, we know it is another opportunity for more work and our party and government shall continue to provide inclusive governance across the State. ” We seek the cooperation of all Osun citizens and stakeholders in the onerous task of taking our dear State to the next level of prosperity” “We urge Osun citizens and residents to celebrate the new year with moderation and continue to exhibits the Omoluabi ethos” “On behalf of the leadership of our great party in the State, led by Prince Gboyega Famodun, I wish the people of Osun a happy new year. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION