Paul Pogba says the entire Manchester United squad must ‘take the next step’ if they are to truly complete their transformation under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. United were knocked out of the Carabao Cup by Man City at the semi-final stage on Wednesday night as goals from John Stones and Fernandinho secured victory for Pep Guardiola’s side. The defeat marked the fourth semi-final defeat United have suffered in the past year – meaning Solskjaer has now lost as many domestic semi-finals in the last 12 months as Sir Alex Ferguson did throughout his 26-year spell at Old Trafford. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! United are still on course for a potentially successful season given their early Premier League form, but might feel they have missed out on a real chance of winning their first trophy in nearly four years. Nigeria’s Problems Are Generational, Says Ohaneze Ndigbo Chieftain Arteta Confirms Arsenal’s First January Signing Pogba was part of the side which last lifted silverware with the Europa League triumph in 2017 and he believes United now need to take another step forward in their continued journey of progress. “There is no time to be disappointed for a week because we know where we are. We are in a good position now. We don’t have time to be disappointed. We don’t have the time. We will get through this and we will go again,” Pogba told MUTV. “It is difficult and it is going to be difficult, and you learn from these games. It is going to hopefully help us to get through, to get better and to have a positive result in the next games. “Football and playing for Man United is not easy, it will never be easy, but it makes the victory prettier and more beautiful when we get through a tough time, then we get through this. “It is beautiful and you get the emotion. That is all we want. That is what the fan wants, that is what the team wants, everyone wants this. “The club is built on winning and big things, so that is all we want to get – the big stuff. He added: “We are improving. Last year they were obviously more dominant and they dominated us. Today that wasn’t the case so obviously we are improving. “We are improving in the league and, even though we lost in the semi-final, we are still going far and that is what we want. But now it is about details. It is good to improve but we have to go to the next step now, all of us.”