ABUJA – An Igbo professional group, Coalition of South East Professionals Network in Nigeria and Diaspora (CSEPNND), has alleged that desperate politicians feeling threatened of the chances of Igbo to produce the president in 2023 were sponsoring Nnamdi Kanu, leader of outlawed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), to scuttle the bid. This came as it condemned the activities of IPOB and its leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, asking governors of the South East region, Ohanaeze Ndigbo and well meaning Igbo sons and daughters to rise against the proscribed group by denouncing it wholeheartedly. It insisted that the region must be vigilant and not succumb to Kanu’s antics of speaking or carrying out his actions for the South East interest. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! In a statement, Friday, signed by its National President, Prof. Madumere Chika and National Secretary, Mazi Anayo Uchemba, the Coalition of South East Professionals Network in Nigeria and Diaspora alleged that a certain Nigerian politician from the South is bankrolling Kanu to scuttle Igbo’s quest for the presidency in 2023. It claimed that it has been vindicated of its earlier position that certain forces were behind the IPOB leader and his inglorious activities following current happenings around him. Enugu Extends Yellow Fever Vaccination To 3 LGs, Targets Additional 710,149 Residents COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of March – ACDC, NIMR, Researchers “We wish to authoritatively say that Mazi Nnamdi Kanu is not working for the interest of Ndigbo,rather he is being bankrolled by a certain Nigerian politician who is contesting the 2023 presidential elections from the South against the Igbos,” it alleged. “We are vindicated by the findings and happenings around Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, the fugitive leader of IPOB, and we call on all Ndigbo around the World to distance themselves from this Kanu and his terrorist group,” it added. According to the Igbo group,”This politician is doing this through some of his key aides to cause disaffection in Nigeria between the Igbos and other regions of our country. “The politician, having realized that the general mood in the country now is the high sympathy Nigerians have for Igbo people in 2023 general elections, decided to employ this method to set Ndigbo up against Nigeria and we must not allow this,” it further said. It alleged that “Nnamdi Kanu held several meetings with these people in the month of December in France and another meeting on the 10th and 11th of January 2021.” “This is why we have always warned people on the character of Nnamdi Kanu and IPOB, that they are on self- serving mission and not an Igbo agenda. “Kanu is working with some fifth columnists who are out to robb Ndigbo of the presidency come 2023. We must not allow this fugitive to succeed. “We are aware that apart from the little dues IPOB extorts from members and sympathizers, his major funding comes from these desperate politicians.”