Another 3,407 new cases of Covid-19 were recorded in the UAE on Friday – exceeding the highest daily infection record, set the day before. There were 3,168 recoveries and seven deaths, increasing the total death toll to 733. The fatalities were a climb in the number of deaths in a single day recorded in the Emirates. The previous figure was six fatalities on January 12. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The new cases were identified after 131,262 additional tests were carried out in the past 24 hours. The new patients infected with Covid-19 are in a stable condition and receiving all necessary care, according to the Ministry of Health and Prevention ‘Innocent People Were Hurt’: Dutch Government Resigns Over Childcare Subsidies Mismanagement Scandal Amazon Will Let Companies Build Voice Assistants on Alexa The tally of infections since the pandemic began increased to 246,376 after Friday’s figures were announced. So far 218,988 people have recovered from the virus and there are currently 26,655 active cases across the country. The UAE has conducted more than 23 million tests since the start of the coronavirus outbreak. While there has been a surge in cases since the beginning of January, the Ministry of Health and Prevention’s vaccination campaign aims to reduce the country’s daily reported cases over the next few months. The goal of health authorities is to immunise 50 per cent of the population by the end of the first quarter. More than 1.5 million Covid-19 vaccine doses have been administered to residents across the country since the immunisation drive began last month. China’s Sinopharm vaccine was authorised for nationwide use on December 9 and two weeks later the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine was introduced in Dubai. In November, the active cases dropped to below 2,000 a day. The recent rise in infections is thought to have been brought on by an increase in social gatherings over Christmas and New Year and the movement of tourists. This week, the British government changed its list of countries that could avoid post-flight home isolation. The UAE was removed from the UK’s travel list meaning those arriving from the Emirates from Saturday onwards must self-isolate for 10 days on returning home. The UK tightened its international travel restriction regime after infections rose rapidly over the past few weeks. Source:The  National