Forty-seven players will be confined to hotel rooms before the Australian Open after other passen­gers on their flights tested positive for coronavirus. Two-time champion Victoria Azarenka and former US Open champi­on Sloane Stephens are reportedly among those affected. The players will not be able to leave their ho­tel rooms for a fortnight, while their rivals are al­lowed five hours of daily practice on court. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Australia has given 1,200 people permission to travel to the tournament. The players affected were on two flights, arriv­ing from Los Angeles and Abu Dhabi respectively. Two people – a member of the flight crew and a person in a player’s trav­elling entourage – tested positive on the Los Ange­les flight. COVID-19: Australian Open: Andy Murray Tests Positive Nigerians Reach New All-Time High On ITF Junior Rankings There was one positive test from the Abu Dhabi flight, from an individual who had previously tested negative before boarding. Those who tested posi­tive will stay in a separate “health hotel”. “We are communicat­ing with everyone on this flight, and particularly the playing group whose conditions have now changed, to ensure their needs are being catered to as much as possible,” said tournament director Craig Tiley. The tournament is the first of tennis’ four annu­al Grand Slams. Unlike the other three, it was un­affected by the pandemic in 2020. Organisers have pushed back the start date of this year’s edition by three weeks and staged qualifiers in Doha in an attempt to minimise the risk to public health. It has been reported that quarantined players in Melbourne will have gym equipment delivered to their rooms, and they have access to a 24/7 med­ical hotline if they are concerned they may have developed symptoms. Azarenka, who won the Melbourne Park title in 2012 and 2013, struck a positive tone on social media. The Belarussian post­ed a message on Twitter after arriving in Austra­lia saying: “If you have time to whine then you have time to find a solu­tion.” Uruguayan Pablo Cue­vas confirmed that he had been on the flight, promising to show his In­stagram followers his ho­tel-room workouts during the next fortnight. American Tennys Sandgren, who was grant­ed special permission to travel after his positive test was deemed to be the result of ‘viral-shedding’ from a previous case rath­er than a new infection, is also believed to have been on the flight. Stephens revealed on social media earlier this week that both her grand­mother and aunt had re­cently died after contract­ing coronavirus. British former world number one Andy Mur­ray tested positive last week but says he is in good health and hopes to compete. American Madison Keys pulled out last week after she tested positive. The tournament be­gins on February 8, giv­ing the players on the af­fected flight players fewer than 10 days of on-court practice before action gets under way.