Although the Christmas Day message by the Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Mathew Hassan Kukah, has been hailed by many well-meaning Nigerians as a timely, forthright and patriotic intervention in the polity at a period of worsening social, political and economic problems, it is sad and demoralizing that several persons and groups who even constitute part of the citizenry on whose behalf the bishop spoke have continued to visit him with unremitting broadsides. Some others have assigned themselves the unhealthy task of distorting and misrepresenting his message in order to draw the odium of a section of the country against him. In a country grappling with mounting crisis of underdevelopment, compounded by the debilitating passivity of a docile populace in the face of retrogressive policies and actions of an overwhelmed and misguided ruling elite, voices like Kukah’s are required often to reawaken in both the leaders and the citizenry the awareness of their responsibilities to their tottering state, to take preventive steps required to avert a total collapse. In his message, Bishop Kukah had said: “Against the backdrop of our endless woes, ours has become a nation wrapped in desolation. The prospects of a failed state stare us in the face: endless bloodletting, a collapsing economy, social anomie, domestic and community violence, kidnappings, armed robberies etc. Ours has become a house of horror with fear stalking our homes, highways, cities, hamlets and entire communities. The middle grounds of optimism have continued to shift and many genuinely ask …Does Nigeria have a future? Where can we find hope?” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The issues highlighted here by Kukah stare all Nigerians in the face daily and many prominent Nigerians have at different times echoed similar concerns about the pathetic failure of the government to address the mounting challenges. The wanton wastage of lives and property which has become common place, the massive infrastructural decay and the anaemic economy which has relapsed into yet another and more serious recession are weighing heavily on Nigerians and feeding them with excruciating hardship and frustration. Rather than address these problems with the urgency and sincerity they deserve, the Buhari regime only complicates their harsh effects on the lives of the people with policies and appointments that generously favour a particular section of the country at the expense of others. The feeling of alienation this engenders can only threaten the fragile unity holding the country together. This is another issue Bishop Kukah addressed in his message with exceptional candour and put the blame where it rightly belongs. Why Nigeria Needs Restructuring Now Restive Militants And Niger Delta Peace Process “President Buhari deliberately sacrificed the dreams of those who voted for him to what seemed like a programme to stratify and institutionalise northern hegemony by reducing others in public life to second class status. He has pursued this self-defeating and alienating policy at the expense of greater national cohesion. Every honest Nigerian knows that there is no way any non-Northern Muslim President could have done a fraction of what President Buhari has done by his nepotism and gotten away with it. There would have been a military coup a long time ago or we would have been at war,” the bishop said in his message. We think that federal government’s reaction to Kukah’s message is unwholesome and irresponsible and only helped to trigger the various misrepresentations and distortions the bishop’s intervention has been subjected to. Instead of seeing its obvious faults and failures highlighted by Kukah and seeking ways to achieve amendments, government through the Information Minister, Mr. Lai Mohammed, accused Kukah of choosing a season peace to fan the embers of disaffection and disunity in the country. Mohammed also accused Kukah of calling for a violent overthrow of a duly constituted government. It is strange that government is talking about peace at a period when the country is deeply steeped in crisis, and boundless insecurity walks on all fours, with every part of the country bleeding and mourning because of endless brutal terminations of lives by terrorists and bandits operating with chilling brazenness. What effort has government deployed to end the wanton blood-letting that has become part of the people’s daily existence? Why was it so easy for a small country like Chad to, within a couple of weeks, flush out the terrorists in her land and even recover some Nigerian territories the terrorists had conquered and annexed? Although the federal government has cautioned the groups which have threatened Kukah and sought to deny him the right to live and operate in any part of the country, it has not done enough to distance itself from their ominous positions. It is yet to sternly condemn those even threatening Kukah’s life and activate the extant laws that contain the makers of such threats. Kukah also said recently that Nigeria has not learnt any lessons from the disastrous civil war that consumed about two million lives, mostly women and children. Nothing best underlines this truth than the discriminatory attitude of the Buhari regime which only waters the seeds of disaffection among the populace. Before Kukah, other prominent Nigerians have called on the government to halt its deliberate policy of nepotism in the conduct of public affairs. Demonizing those who point out these truths will not make the problems go away. The matters should be squarely addressed to create a safe and prosperous nation for all Nigerians.