Aare Afe Babalola (SAN), Founder and Chancellor, Afe Baballa University, Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti State has described his tenure as the Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Council at the University of Lagos (UNILAG) as a lucky period to work with late Professor Oye Ibidapo-Obe. Aare Babalola in a tribute to Ibidapo-Obe said he was shocked beyond description when the news of the death of the distinguished academic and seasoned University Administrator reached him. According to him, late Ibidapo-Obe his appointment as acting Vice-Chancellor of UNILAG was based on his superlative qualities and general acceptability. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Apart from being academically sound, Prof. Ibidapo-Obe was a professional to the core. I have seen him at work and watched him at play. I found him to be ever so cool, collected, respectful, cheerful, kind, selfless, committed and incorruptible. “He was highly dependable and utterly reliable. I was fortunate to have him as the Vice-Chancellor during my tenure as Pro-Chancellor and Chairman of Council,” he declared. Foundation Wants More Support For Widows Democrats Poised To Control US Senate, Giving Biden Upper Hand Aare Balalola revealed that “With the cooperation of the University Management under his leadership and our ever-supportive Council, we recorded a lot of milestone achievements during my seven-year tenure.” He listed the achievements of late Ibidapo-Obe to include a strike-free UNILAG, the establishment of IGR generating units, building of hostels through Build-Occupy-Transfer (BOT) system, the emergence of UNILAG as the best university in 2003/2004  and Best Vice-Chancellor in the country.He added, “Prof. Ibidapo-Obe has played his part and played it very well. We will all miss him. We will miss his warm disposition, but I will miss him the more. “He will be difficult to replace in the Academic world because of the stellar qualities inherent in him,” Aare Bablola added. Babalola prayed to Almighty God for granting him the enviable grace to attain indelible marks, saying that all his work would stand him in good stead before The Maker of all things.