*Calls On Authorities To Investigate Management Over Alleged Misappropriation Of Earned Allowance MAKURDI – The Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU) of the Federal University, Wukari (FUW) has embarked on a three-day protest over non-payment of earned allowances owed its members. The association further alleged that the last tranch of the earned allowances released to the university may have been diverted by management of the institution for purposes, other than for that which it was meant. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The FUW SSANU embarked on the protest in solidarity with the National Leadership of the Joint Action Committee of NASU and SSANU, which earlier directed SSANU nationwide to join the protest. The Chairman SSANU, FUW branch, Comrade Stephen Tadawus, who spoke with newsmen shortly after the protest in Wukari on Friday, pointed out that the Federal Government was responsible for some of the issues that have affected the nation’s universities for not honouring agreements entered into with the association. Enugu Extends Yellow Fever Vaccination To 3 LGs, Targets Additional 710,149 Residents COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of March – ACDC, NIMR, Researchers Tadawus argued that for sometime now, the FG had taken non teaching staff of universities for a ride, by signing memorandum of understanding but not respecting the terms of the agreement. While, he alleged that SSANU’s share of the last tranche of earned allowance released to the university may have been diverted by its management, he called on the relevant authorities to investigate the disbursement of the funds. The SSANU Chairman also noted that, if the FG had kept its part of the agreements with the various institutions, there would be industrial peace in the nation’s citadels of learning. He also lamented the non-payment of backlog of arrears of earned allowance; non-payment of retirement benefits, even as he frowned at the distorted sharing formula for the N40 billion recently released by government. Also, while, Tadawus frowned at the inability of the FG to pay minimum wage arrears, he expressed disappointment over the performance of IPPIS, adding the scheme has been “shortchanging the unions through arbitrary, inconsistent and irregular payment regimes.” The SSANU members earlier bore placards with various inscriptions among them, “Federal Government rectify every inconsistency in IPPIS payments”; “Pay us our minimum wage arrears,” and “Pay us our earned allowance.”