Emeka Joseph is a popular musician. He is widely known as Indo. He is known for composing most of the soundtracks for popular Yoruba movies in Nollywood. In this Interview with OLUWATIMILEYIN ADEBANJO, he talks about some of the challenges he has had to face in his career How did you start composing soundtracks for movies? I have always loved music since when I was a child. I studied music technology in Ibadan Polytechnic. I didn’t come from a wealthy background so I didn’t have the funds to promote my music after I graduated. It was when I met Alade Aromire that was when he discovered how talented I was. He built a record studio and made me the producer of the studio. I started making soundtracks from that moment. That was how it all started for me, until I met Antar Laniyan. Uncle Antar was the one who made me make my first soundtrack for a popular Yoruba movie. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! A lot of people who work behind the scenes of movie production hardly get celebrated; do you get worried about this sometimes? No, I am not. This is because I am unique and I have my own style. With the help of social media, people have started recognising my talent beyond the movie soundtracks I make. Real Estate Mogul, Augustine Onwumere Unveils Big Move Senator Bukola Saraki In Gay Mood How profitable has your talent been for you? To the glory of God, it has really helped me financially. My talent has actually opened doors for me. Do you have any other side hustle aside from making soundtracks? No, music is my life, that’s what puts food on my table. I used to have other businesses before but I am focused on music for now. You are from Delta State; how come you compose deep Yoruba songs? I grew up in Osun State so I see myself as a Yoruba man. I have only been to Delta State once in my life. I speak Yoruba Language fluently. You were recently accused of having sexual affairs with some actresses in the industry. How did you react to this story? Honestly, blogs just try to make money by writing false stories about celebrities. I don’t pay attention to rumours; I am focused on my music. I am not guilty of the accusations so I am not worried about the rumour.