Political heavyweights in the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Adamawa State talked tough again Saturday, vowing that they are in the party to see off the state government formed by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). What was intended to be a huge welcome rally for new prominent entrants was, in view of coronavirus, reduced to a small meeting attended only by the leading new members at the state Secretariat in Yola. Sen Abdulaziz Nyako, who officially returned to the APC and his African Democratic Congress (ADC) which structures were collapsed into the APC constituted the highlight of the meeting attended also by Sen Ishaku Abbo who officially defected to the APC from PDP, as well as former governor, Barr Bala Ngillari who also left the PDP. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Abdulaziz, who defected from the APC towards the 2019 election to pick the ADC governorship ticket because he was not accommodated for his ambition at the time in the APC, admitted that the APC lost the 2019 governorship election because of conflict among leading members. He said his priority as he returned to the APC is to contribute his part in routing out the PDP come 2023.“We have to fight and win this time in unity and peace,” he told the APC family. PDP Hails Court Verdict On Obaseki’s Case As Triumph Of Justice PDP Has No Future In Nigeria– Bala Ngillari Speaking also, Sen Ishaku Abbo who had always been at loggerheads with Governor Fintiri even while in the PDP, charged APC to do all that is electorally possible to remove Fintiri come 2023. Abbo who has been touted to be interested to run for governor under the APC as he comes into it, said at the Saturday event that he was not a power monger and that he could say the same for the others coming into the party. “We are not desperate politicians who must have power. None of us in particular must be governor, but somebody in APC must be governor. We are not after our personal interests. We want to rescue Adamawa,” Abbo said. Bala Ngillari, who was Adamawa State governor under PDP between October 1, 2014 and May 29, 2015, said he had always been in one party and did not believe in restless party politics but for him to be defecting into APC means that APC is a great party. “I don’t see PDP as an alternative in 2023. We want serious people to go into government and change the order of underdevelopment in the state,” Ngilari said. The APC National Caretaker Committee member for Northeast, Prof Tahir Mamman, asked the APC in the state to brace up for thorough membership registration in the near future. “We want to see at least two million residents of Adamawa as bonafide members of APC in the exercise. By God’s grace, in 2023 it is going to be APC ‘sak’ at all levels. With this new capacity, our candidates who emerge victorious at our primaries can be assured of victory,” Prof Tahir asserted.