OWERRI – All is set for the election to herald new executive members to pi­lot the affairs of the apex Igbo socio-cultural organ­isation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, today. The new members will succeed the executive led by Chief John Nwodo, which has been on saddle for sever­al years. The rotational arrange­ment stated that the next President General of the organisation should come from Imo State. Thus, Dr Joe Nwaorgu, Dr Chris Asoluka, Prof Chidi Osuagwu, Barris­ter Goddy Nwazuruike, Prof George Obiozor, all from Imo State, have since indicated in­terest in the position. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! But, last Friday, the Secre­tary General of the organisa­tion, Barrister Uche Okwuk­wu, sued Nwodo to court to stop him from conducting today’s exercise. While Nwodo is the sole defendant in the suit, where Okwukwu is praying the court to stop Nwodo’s com­mittee from going ahead with the election, he is also de­manding the sum of N50,000 as general damages despite that no date has been fixed for the hearing of the suit. Buni Commends Military For Repelling Gujba Attack COVID-19 Vaccine: Rate Of Infection To Determine Distribution– NPHCDA Okwukwu has been at loggerheads with Nwodo, leading to his suspension and lately the inauguration of a parallel Ohanaeze Elec­tion Committee. Okwukwu is, however, claiming that the lme Obi meeting of Ohanaeze, where the Nwodo leadership inaugurated the Election Committee, was null and void as he insisted that the latter has no power to summon such meeting. He said his committee headed by Prince Richard Ozobu remains the only body legally empowered to go ahead with the election. ln a court process filed be­fore an Umuahia High Court, in suit No HU/2021, Okwuk­wu is seeking an order “set­ting aside any decision tak­en by the defendant and the members of Ohanaeze Ndig­bo at the lme Obi meeting on December 20, 2020. Meanwhile, the organi­sation has said no court in­junction can stop its election today in Owerri. The outgone president of the organisation in Anambra State, Chief Da­mian Okeke-Ogene stated that the idea of going to court to stop the election had been the problem with the Ndigbo. Ogene, who is being posi­tioned as the new National Vice Chairman of the organi­sation, said it was not the first time people would go to court to stop the election. “Nobody is surprised about what some people are trying to do by going to court to stop the election. But, it will not work. Our people are fond of it. Have you heard of such happening the North or South West. Forget their ma­cabre dance. It will fail, while the election will hold. A few days after the De­cember 20, 2020 meeting that adopted the 40-man Electoral Committee, headed by Chief Gary Igariwey from Ebonyi State to conduct the election, where they also resolved Ow­erri as venue of the election, another group of Ndigbo, led by Okwukwu, met and raised a parallel committee for the conduct of same election. Okwukwu’s group ap­pointed Chief Richard Ozobu from Enugu State to head the electoral committee with 21 other members. Okwukwu, whose tenure as Secretary of Ohanaeze, was cut short following the controversial endorsement of Abubakar Atiku and Peter Obi as con­sensus presidential candi­date of Ndigbo in the 2019 general elections, insisted that he remained the “Sec­retary General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo” and that it was in his place, therefore, to summon an Ime-Obi meeting. In a communiqué after the parallel electoral committee was set up, the Okwukwu-led group said the meeting of the apex Igbo organisation where Chief Gary Igariwey’s election committee was set up during an Ime-Obi meet­ing, was null and void. But, Igariwey-led elector­al committee appears deter­mined. Last week, it released an election timetable for the commencement of the pro­cess from the local govern­ment from Wednesday, Jan­uary 6, 2021, followed by that of the state offices for Friday, January 8 in all states of the South East, Rivers and Del­ta and national election for Sunday, January 10, 2021 in Owerri. The committee said every Igbo adult was free to contest, adding that to be eligible, such contestant must have completed and submitted approved nomination forms and have been cleared by the screening subcommittee be­fore the elections. In the same vein, anoth­er group of Igbo leaders are rooting for a Caretaker Committee to run the affairs of the organisation, adding that while the period of the exercise lasts, it would serve as opportunity for Ndigbo to put their house in order. They are equally hinting that the ravaging COVID-19 disease would make it difficult for an acceptable election to be held for Ohanaeze. A coalition of Igbo groups, under the aegis of Global Igbo Leaders (GIL), after holding an emergency zoom meeting on Sunday, January 3, 2021, recommended the postponement of the election and constitution of a care­taker committee to run the affairs of Ohanaeze Ndigbo. According to the group, “This is in view of the health hazards associated with COVID-19 and the limita­tion of lockdown measures, the confusion generated by the duplicity of outgoing Ohanaeze Ndigbo and their allies, and pursuant to the desire of Ndigbo to maintain unity in Ohanaeze and Igbo nation. “As a result, we therefore recommend that a properly constituted Ohanaeze Ndig­bo Caretaker Committee be established to run the affairs of Ohanaeze Ndigbo from January 10, 2021. The Ohanaeze Ndigbo Caretaker Committee must be charged with full executive powers and must not include any of the outgoing national, state, local executives as member. “The caretaker committee to serve for a maximum of three months and renewable for a further three months should it become necessary due to COVID-19 lockdown measures, and within which time it must in turn consti­tute an electoral committee to be ratified by Ime-Obi Ohanaeze Ndigbo in order to conduct a safe, free, fair, and credible elections of the na­tional, state and local govern­ment executives of Ohanaeze Ndigbo.” The resolution of the group was signed by Prof. Timothy Uzodinma Nwala for Alaigbo Development Foundation (ADF) Nigeria; Prof. Anthony Ejiofor and Dr. Festus Okere for World Igbo Congress (WIC); Dr. Nwa­chukwu Anakwenze, Chief. Christian Onuorah and Chief Oliver Nwankwor for Igbo World Assembly (IWA) Worldwide and Prof Chika Moore, and Ngozi Odumuko for Nzuko Umunna (U.S. and Nigeria). Others are Ben Allison for Ndigbo Canada; Luke Nwannunu for Ekwe Nche (U.S.), Austin Okeke Mazi Obi Okoli for Igbo Board of Deputies, Alex Coker Ezeamakam for Council of Igbo Communities (U.K.), Ogbuefi Delly Ajufo for Aka Ikenga Nigeria, Mazi Obi Okoli for Council of Igbo Leaders (U.K.), Chief Oliver Nwankwor and Alex Coker Ezeamakam for Eu­ropean Igbo Communities (EIC) Europe and Iyom Jo­sephine Anenih and Mrs, Regina Amadi for Nkata ndi Iyom Igbo (Nigeria and U.K.), among others. The position of the group was not different from that held by an elder statesman, Ichie Uma Eleazu, who sug­gested an interim adminis­tration to be led by Igariwey, while Ozobu heads the elec­toral committee as constitut­ed by the extraordinary Ime- Obi. Eleazu suggested that the local and state delegates’ elections should be held by mid-February 2021, while the general elections should be held on March 10 and instal­lation of new executive at all levels on March 15, 2021. The protest against one of the candidates, Obiozor, is also seen as an albatross having been endorsed by Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzodimma, especially when both are from the same Sen­atorial District. From sources, the gover­nor is not alone in the en­dorsement that took place last year November. Others included Chairman, Ndigbo Council of Leaders and Lead­er of the Committee on selec­tion of President General of the organszation in Imo State, Chief E. lwuanyanwu, Dr Ezechi Chukwu, President of Ohanaeze in Imo State and other stakeholders are said to be adamant in making sure Obiozor emerged. Ohanaeze Youth body on December 5, 2020, how­ever, kicked against the en­dorsement. Chukwuemeka Chimeruo, who signed the statement, vowed to stop nepotism during the election today. While condemning the clannish style of governance in the Ohanaeze administra­tion in the South East gener­ally, especially in Imo State, he warned Governor Uzod­imma to stop the imposition and allow a level playing ground among the aspirants. The President of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Wing, Ambassador Austin Obiora, was said to have en­dorsed the free and fair elec­tion too. According to him, there is a chance for the Igbo to start on a new narrative. He insisted that Ndigbo could be unified again closer to Igbo state union days, say­ing, “Many things unite us but we’re paying attention to few things that divide us. That’s our main problem and that can change.” GIL also frowned at the plans by the Igbo umbrella body, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, to hold its upcoming election in Owerri, Imo State. The GIL, in a statement signed by Chief Christian Onuorah, Chief Oliver Nwankwor, Barrister Austin Okeke, and Barrister Alex Ezeamakam, said the plan runs against the constitution of the body. The group cautioned the leader­ship of Ohanaeze Ndigbo and other prominent Igbo sons against politicising the election, said in the history of the body, a state that has a sole candidate for the Pres­ident-General position has never hosted an election to avoid interference and undue influence. The statement reads: “The independence of Ohanaeze Ndigbo must be respected and upheld. There should be no political interference from any quarter. In conducting Ohanaeze Ndigbo election, Ohanaeze Ndigbo Constitu­tion must be followed to the letter especially in accor­dance with Section11 of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Constitu­tion. We reject the proposed current venue for the elec­tion scheduled for Owerri, Imo State, because the state producing the sole President General candidate does not host Ohanaeze’s election. “For a credible election for executives in Ohanaeze to be held and in accordance with Ohanaeze Ndigbo’s Constitu­tion, Imo State must present at least three president-gener­al candidates. Therefore, we reject the so-called consensus candidate as it is unconstitu­tional in accordance with Section11 (b). On his part, the imme­diate past President and Chief Executive Officer of Transnational Corporation of Nigeria, Valentine Ozig­bo, while addressing partic­ipants at the last summit of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo Youth Wing in Enugu said there is need to change the stories about Igbo through the criti­cal four; Competence in lead­ership, reorientation of val­ues, a culture of continuous improvement and regional synergy. Raising questions regard­ing the perceived leaders of Ndi Igbo and the way for­ward, he asked who are we looking up to, who are our mentors, who is defining the values, who is setting the path and charting the course? “l make bold to say, without prejudice to anyone that lg­bos are lagging behind in the kind of inspiring leadership that empowers our people. We are in a dynamic and fast changing world where ev­erything is becoming knowl­edge based and technology driven.” Despite the crisis sur­rounding the endorsement, Obiozor who has being beating his chest as the next President General of the organisation promised to assemble talents, experts to defend Igbo destiny if he is elected into the position. This is just as Obiozor has said that under his leadership, the Igbo would no longer be seen as crying babies because their problems are not insur­mountable. Addressing a press con­ference in Owerri, Obiozor, a former Nigerian Ambas­sador to the United States of America, the State of Israel and Republic of Cyprus, said he would defend the destiny of Ndigbo with appreciable success and diplomatic dex­terity, decency and decorum. He said the office of the President General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo is not a career or a job or a position to fulfill personal ambition, but one that should at this moment be a position that comes through inspiration and experience. According to him, under his leadership, “Ndigbo will never be victims again, of Ni­gerian tragic circumstances which they did not create nor can they control.” He noted that Ndigbo had been associated with economic and business in­genuity, which had had a mixed bag mixed response of praise, jealousy and envy. While adding that the eco­nomic success associated with Ndigbo had always been individual achievements and successes, Obiozor stated that under his leadership, a new era of prosperity of Ndigbo as collective efforts would start with the laudable ini­tiative of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, in terms of the Economic Stabilisation Fund. He insisted that in the current position Ndigbo had found themselves, “the team that represents matters for that will determine much of the destiny of Ndigbo in Nigeria or what follows. Our position should therefore be­gin with efforts to effective­ly reintegrate Ndigbo into Nigerian political process effectively, significantly and relevantly. This will require a serious diplomacy and not confrontations or conflicts. Power elites reward their friends and frustrate or pun­ish their enemies.” He further stated, “For far too long, Ndigbo have been objects of stereotype and pro­filing which ended in being misunderstood and misrep­resented in national politics or business, academia or artisans. Negative profiling has been an Igbo cross to carry since Nnamdi Aziki­we’s emergence in Nigeria politics in the 1940s. “Consequently, quite often Igbos were confronted with envy, anger, hostility and violence at any given crises in Nigeria and even outside Nigeria. But in the end, it is still better to envy Ndigbo than pity us. “We’ve been known to be turning obstacles into prosperity. What Igbos are suffering today are not new. But we surmounted them in the past. Igbos were not the first graduates in Nigeria but we led the country in al­most every sector. I maintain that success is the greatest revenge against injustice. We’ve done well.” As event unfolds, the in­junction may not come this weekend, but stakehold­ers say there is going to be a shocker from the court whether now a or later judg­ing from the interest coming from the South East Gover­nors and other stakeholders over the election ordinarily supposed to be free and fair. Okwukwu alleged that “unauthorised people not mandated by the Ohananeze constitution have hijacked the electoral process for the purpose of imposing their preferred President General. “Imposition of a candi­date for President General is illegal, undemocratic and unacceptable. The electoral timetable, as pursed by the Nwodo-led Ohanaeze is delib­erately delayed to rob candi­dates of any chance of cam­paigning before delegates. “The same electoral process is deliberately im­plemented in breach of Covid-19 protocols. Diaspora delegates, for instance, can­not come home to vote on account of the lockdown,” adding that the electoral committee nominated by his group was the only one enti­tled to conduct the election. Ozobu stated that he re­mained the authentic chair­man of the committee sad­dled with the responsibilities to organise elections for new officials of Ohanaeze from the local government to the national levels. He alleged that the Igariwey-led com­mittee was illegal, explaining that it was not established in line with the constitution governing the activities of Ohanaeze. “My electoral committee is authentic because it was set up in accordance with the constitution of Ohanaeze, following a meeting called by the Secretary-General. The President-General and the Secretary-General are the only two officials that can summon the meeting of Ohanaeze Ime-Obi, general assembly or the council of elders. “The president can sum­mon the meeting through the Secretary-General. It is stated black and white in the constitution. So, any meeting that is not summoned direct­ly by the Secretary-General is inconsequential. So, on De­cember 31, I received a circu­lar to the meeting in Owerri. “It was summoned by the Secretary-General and there a committee was raised for this election and I was made the chairman. Other issues were also handled at that meeting. We are talking about a major election and there are provisions in the constitution on how these things should be done.” What is not certain is how the Okwukwu group in­tends to realise the conduct of Ohanaeze Ndigbo elec­tion. This is because, apart from Ime-Obi Ohanaeze ratifying his expulsion from the group last year, he has not been able to recover his lost position or contest same in court anywhere. Ohanaeze has functioned through an acting Secre­tary General since he was removed. But, Okwukwu insisted that nothing was amiss with his position as Secretary General in Ohanaeze, stress­ing that anyone that holds contrary view should consult Article 21 of the Ohanaeze constitution. “Ask those saying I have been suspended to read out Article 21 of the constitution. Ask them who suspended me and where and when I was suspended. The article says only the General As­sembly can remove the Sec­retary-General not Ime-Obi. If you remove him, you must replace him with somebody from his state. “If they said I have been removed, did they replace me with someone from Rivers State? Was I removed by the General Assembly? You pur­portedly claim I was removed by Ime-Obi, can Ime-Obi re­move an officer? They have lost the case. We are going ahead with our election. “So, everything they did was illegal. Why are they panicking? Let them con­duct their own election if they think they are right. I don’t want to comment on Igariwey because he was a former President-General. By my training I don’t make comments on leaders. But the only thing I know is that he knows he is presiding over an illegal institution that cannot stand the test of time.” One of the presidential candidate shouted “The plot did not start today. It started with the outgoing executive putting forward a draft con­stitution to amend the age limit of President General to between 50 and 70 years, knowing that it will exclude certain persons. When that failed, they went into meet­ings to start adopting con­sensus candidates. l must contest the election, even if the venue is in the bedroom of the governor. We are all in­digenes of Imo State and we cannot run away from our place of birth. You cannot jump into the ring without permission.” The urgency with which the Igariwey committee is approaching the elections at the local, state and national levels to be concluded in a space of five days has elicit­ed wild speculations in some quarters, with many saying there was “secrecy attached to it”. Those who hold this view insist that the electoral pro­cess lacks basic information, including list of the general assembly members that should vote in the elections, which they say is a recipe for confusion and the destruc­tion of Ohanaeze.