Lagos – There have been variant theories concerning the emergence of coronavirus (COVID-19) not leaving out its vaccine. Recently the federal government said it has opened talks with the Peoples Republic of China to have access to COVID-19 vaccines for Nigeria. Mr. Geoffery Onyeama, Nigeria’s Minister of Foreign Affairs, said this at a bilateral meeting with the Chinese Foreign Minister, Wang Yi, during his working visit to Nigeria. The Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) has earlier warned that the second wave of COVID-19 pandemic may be an inevitable following increase in the number of cases across the country. The record of coronavirus (COVID-19) indicates 12,916 cases within December 23 and January 5, 2021. On January 6, 2021, 1664 new cases were confirmed and 5 deaths were recorded in Nigeria, the NCDC made known. It also said till date, 94,369 cases have been confirmed, 77,299 cases have been discharged and 1,324 deaths have been recorded in 36 states and the Federal Capital Territory. While experts warn on returning to ‘normalcy’ until a flattening and virtual elimination of the virus is recorded. As long as some Nigerians are concerned, the virus does not exist as they believe the figures are but non-fabricated and the vaccine to further enrich the developed world. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Pastor Enoch Adeboye, General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG) last Sunday, warned members to be careless, “Wear your mask. We are particular about hygiene. Keep watching your hands. Do social distancing as much as possible. Obey the government. Wash your hands.” As reported, the cleric noted that he would not allow social distancing to prevent him from laying hands on the sick to pray for them, as he said, “The Lord told me loud and clear RCCG is my Church I can take care of my own. I will not be afraid. My God will take care of me.” Time To Move Closer To God Is Now, Cleric Tells Nigerians Hope For Widows Initiative Calls On Churches, Others To Show More Care Asking Nigerians to be thankful to God, he expressed optimism that God would keep His own. “If you are ungrateful he can withdraw what he has done. Sooner or later you will need God again so be grateful… Any calamity that comes we will survive. God is the one who rules in the affairs of men. He can turn human wisdom to foolishness. “When I read that it will take 10 years to vaccinate people in the US, I wonder when the vaccine will come to Nigeria. We have no money. We have no resources but we have God. They expected us to be dying like that, but we have a God who says He that dwells in the secret place will be under the shadow of the almighty.” The vaccine on the other hand has also been linked to heralding the biblical mark of the beast, 666. Last Wednesday, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, Nigeria’s vice president and former presidential candidate of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) was widely reported pictured receiving the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Kevin Kathrotia, a neonatologist and COO of Millennium Neonatology in Charlotte, North Carolina who has cared for babies whose mothers have tested positive for COVID-19, said the speed which this vaccine will be brought to market is unprecedented and a testament to the herculean effort of scientists and doctors at multiple companies, research facilities, and some of the world’s greatest universities. Rev. Fr. Anselm Adodo, initiator of Pax Herbal Clinic and Research Laboratories owned by the Benedictine Monks, Ewu, Edo State, which in 2020 announced cure for coronavirus, said viruses have always been with humans because they easily mutate and self-replicate, “they are difficult to target for extermination. They always remind us not to take our immune system for granted. Regarding the issue of cure, at the end of the day, the body’s immune system is the real doctor.” On the vaccine administration he shared, “If some people in certain parts of the world want synthetic vaccines, they should have it. If some other people in other parts of the world prefer to have an oral vaccine, they should be allowed to have it. If they prefer phytomedicine instead of vaccines, so be it. From what I hear and see, the majority of Africans prefer the latter. I hope the World Health Organisation (WHO) will respect their wish.” Reverend Femi Popoola, Pastor-in-charge, Divine Mercy Baptist Church, Ikosi, Ketu, Lagos, indicated that definitely God is in control of everything that happens as the church and the earth belong to God. He said before Jesus Christ left the earth He already said that whatever happens the gate of hell shall not prevail against the church. “The church through the grace of God has survived the pandemic. It may not be immediate but with time the church will definitely come out of it. As we are praying we know that God is the one in control of everything; God knows how to rescue us from it. And again we are hearing news of the discovery of a vaccine to combat this pandemic. So, in all of these things we know that God is going to make it work together not only for the good of the church, but for the good of all,” Popoola stated. Pastor Ituah Ighodalo of The Trinity House in a recent media chat called for fervent prayers against satanic manipulations of humanity, put off the fear that the vaccine exemplifies the beast’s mark. He said, “Let us deal with facts. Fact number one is that there is a virus out there. Where it came and how it came, we are not so sure but there is a virus and the virus is medically proven to be affecting people. The second thing is what is the solution? A vaccine is not the sign of the beast. “The vaccine itself is just taking some of the virus, culturing it and putting it into somebody’s body so that he can build up resistance to the disease. There is nothing wrong with that. People saying that we shouldn’t take the vaccine are a little misinformed. They are just trying to frighten people, and prey on people’s ignorance. We need a cure to this ailment. We need a prevention thereof and we must work assiduously towards it thereof. “Yes, there is a portion of the Bible that talks about the mark of the beast -666, nobody fully understands it but the reference is to the microchips that it seems as though people will be getting – nobody can buy or sell unless they have it. That is technology and there is nothing you can do about it. What the Bible has done is to forewarn you about it such that you don’t get under the yoke thereof. “I think their problem is that they are thinking that very soon, they are going to insist that people will have microchips in their hands to prove that they have been vaccinated.” Bishop Charles Ighele, General Superintendent of Holy Spirit Mission shared his concern over the second wave of the pandemic and purported lockdown. “It is a pity that a second wave of Covid-19 infections has been allowed to occur. I have always said that we should keep doing those things that led to the reduction of Covid-19.” He thereby called on churches to be the moral agent for the society, “our voice should be well heard, just like that of the Archbishop in South Africa when Mandela was there. Just like it happened in Tanzania, the church stood with the President of Tanzania over this COVID-19, and did not suffer a lockdown; instead they kept going to church to pray and worship God, and take communion and there is no evidence that Tanzania has the worst case in the world. So, our leaders should tell the government to allow God in Nigeria, let them allow God to interfere in the affairs of Nigeria and not just the political solutions.” Bishop Titus Akanabu, Chairman Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) Imo State urged for continuous prayers for Nigeria while reacting to the vaccine. “On our own side as men of God part of our primary assignment is to pray to God. The Bible said we should respect every authority of man. We should pray for them and submit to the ordinances of the land where we belong. However, there have been a lot of intricacies and about this pandemic right from the early part of 2020 but the Almighty God was gracious to save us. At least whatever happened in other parts of the world was not experienced severely here in Nigeria. “In as much we won’t say no to the ordinance of the government but in terms of medicine you have the right to say yes or no to being injected. It is not compulsory to be injected. In any medical situation that requires surgery, there is usually someone that signs to give permission for the surgery to be carried out. But if the person refuses the medical doctors leave the person. The faith of every human must be respected. We should depend on the Almighty God who has kept us. If not for God all of all of us would have perished. You know the number of people that perished in America, Italy, China and the rest of the world. God has actually granted us grace.” Adding his voice, Apostle Enyinnaya Okwuonu, Acting Chairman Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria, PFN, Lagos State, while imagining the swiftness in the emergence of the vaccine, asserted that the unified prayer of the church can avail in ending the rage of the pandemic. “My take is that pertinent precautionary preventive measures and protocols should be adhered to, nevertheless in the midst of all the permutations and speculations, I am undoubtedly convinced that if the church prays in oneness and in unity, effectual fervent prayers will avert any second wave of the pandemic. “COVID-19 vaccine is predicated more on the result of the conflicting reports from renounced immunologists and virologists on the safety or otherwise of the new vaccine including the outcry by well-meaning individuals on the downside of the new vaccine. How come no vaccine has been put forward for age long infections like HIV/Aids and others, then within a short period of its emergence a vaccine has readily become available for COVID-19? “The intentions of the proponents of this vaccine and the way it is being handled gives credence to the idea that there could be more to the vaccine than what the general of the populace knows and indeed it may not be wrong to speculate it to be a rehearsal of the end time events as spoken of in the scriptures,” Okwuonu stated. On the fear concerning another lockdown, especially that of churches, he stated, “I don’t have any fear concerning another lockdown or closure of churches because those at the helms of affairs and those around the corridors of power should know the dire consequences of another lockdown when we are yet to recover from the first. If another lockdown is enacted, the upheavals will be unprecedented, so I counsel the government to rather ensure compliance on the observance of the existing COVID-19 protocols through more public enlightenment by carrying along major stakeholders especially religious leaders and groups.”