Housing, or more generally living spaces, refers to the construction and assigned usage of houses or buildings collectively, for the purpose of sheltering people — the planning or provision delivered by an authority, with related meanings. The social issue is of ensuring that members of society have a home in which to live, whether this is a house, or some other kind of dwelling, lodging, or shelter. It ranks second among man’s inevitable needs, coming after food. Thus, year-in, year-out, several attempts have been made by both the federal and state governments to bridge the gap. Unfortunately, the nation’s housing deficits appear to have defied solutions. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Although there is no empirical data to authenticate the accurate figure of the deficit, Nigeria has severally been reported to have an estimated housing deficit of about 20 million units, with an annual incremental estimate of about 900,000 units. But when you put all housing units being built, the nation is not getting up to 100,000 units annually. Thus, there exists a widening gap between needs and expectation on one hand and the reality on the other. Use Housing Corporations –Onukwugha Adopt Workable Development Models -ANCA Indeed, over the past few years, governments in the country have been attempting to crack the deficit question, but with little success, if any at all. The housing deficit, like many deficits we have in Nigeria, is a question of economics (the efficient allocation of resources) rather than technical know-how. This deficit has been misdiagnosed as a cost, rather than an affordability problem, and there are deep beliefs that houses in Nigeria are expensive, hence the plans and attempts to develop low-cost housing. The current minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola (SAN) once said that there is no low-cost building material, as such it is difficult to have low-cost housing in Nigeria. However, low cost housing could be achievable through design and scale. An important point to also state is that we cannot provide house ownership to the poor, but we need to reduce the number of the poor. Notwithstanding the challenge, some experts still believe that solving housing problems in Nigeria is a possibility.