ABUJA – The Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA) says it has initiated an aggressive campaign targeted at boosting dry season farming within the nation’s capital. This was designed to mitigate the adverse effects of the continued attacks on farmers by bandits in the far North that is already having a negative impact on the nation’s food security. Speaking on behalf of the FCT Administration, the Acting Secretary, FCT Agriculture and Rural Development Secretariat, Mr. Ibe Chukwuemeka , gave this hint at the End of the year Media Briefing of the Secretariat which is designed to chronicle the achievement of the secretariat in 2020. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Chukwuemeka noted that the FCT has a large farming population that could contribute maximally to the nation’s food production. He explained that the Secretariat was working on some irrigation projects and has also constructed earth dams for farmers. NLO Felicitates With Christian Chukwu On 70th Birthday South Africa’s COVID-19 Death Toll Crosses 30,000 He further stated that the Secretariat has also initiated skills acquisition programmes for all categories of farmers to equip them on how to use modern technologies. He said, “The Secretariat is currently embarking on programmes to support Dry season farming activities in order to guarantee the availability of food all year round. “Apart from providing irrigation equipment to farmers such as water pumping machines, water hoses etc, the Secretariat has assisted farmers to construct earth dams. “In order to ensure prompt of  delivery of agricultural services, the Secretariat has forged a close working relationship with all categories of farmers, from small-holder farmers, medium to large scale commercial farmers in order to impart in them useful information and skills with regards to improved technologies in production, processing, storage and marketing.” He further disclosed that the Secretariat had trained about 2,000 farmers on pest control and storage techniques. He, however, lamented that the agricultural development programmes of the Secretariat were greatly affected by the looting of its storage warehouse in Gwagwalada by hoodlums during the EndSARS protest. “As part of efforts to combat and minimize the menace of the Fall Army Worm pest on farmers, the Secretariat through the Department of Agric. Services trained about 2,000 farmers and sold insecticides at 50% subsidized rates to farmers. “In addition to pest control activities, the Department also carried out training on the use of Purdue airtight bags for effective storage of agricultural produce. “However, the sales were cut short by the violent protests which led to the looting of our warehouses. “Similarly, with the successful experiment on Green House farming in Gwagwalada for the production of tomatoes and different spices of Bell peppers the Secretariat is set to establish similar farms in other Area Councils of the FCT,” he added. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION