From all indications, there is an element of avoidable politicking and perhaps less than altruistic considerations in the brewing crisis in the Niger Delta region, in which some militants have issued warning to resume hostilities in the area. The basic grouse of the restive youths is their opposition to the appointment by the federal government, of a Sole Administrator for the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). But they are also unhappy that President Muhammadu Buhari allegedly did not recognise the region in his January 1 New Year national broadcast. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The scenario points to potential conflict in the Niger Delta, at a time that the region should be stabilising from a ceasefire after prolonged bouts of tension and violent interventions. If anything is clear regarding the region’s status at this time, it is that any threat to destabilise the region is most likely to be counterproductive to the wellbeing of the people of the area, and it should therefore be resisted. The Danger Of New COVID-19 Variants Mounting Anxiety Over New COVID-19 Variants The youths should not succumb to temptations to reverse the gains, however marginal they may seem, recorded in the area in the past few years. Reports say nine militant groups under the aegis of the Reformed Niger Delta Avengers (RNDA) have backed out of the ongoing peace talk with the Federal Government over the non-volatile approach to issues of the continuous operations of oil and gas facilities. In a veil threat to resume hostilities, the militants have issued a stay-away order to foreign oil vessels warning them not to venture into the region or face dire consequences for violations. The peace talk is an initiative of the Deputy Senate President, Ovie Omo-Agege, and had come under threats following the recent appointment of Mr. Akwa Effiong Okon as sole administrator for the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC), and alleged non-recognition of the Niger Delta region in the policy statements made by President Muhammadu Buhari during the January 1 national broadcast. The militant groups that made up the RNDA, in a statement by its national coordinator, Major General Izon Ebi (aka Obama) threatened that its strike force units in the nine states of the region would kick-start bombing and destruction of oil facilities, major oil ships and vessels coming from Lagos to the creek of Niger Delta. According to the statement issued by Izon Ebi: “The major vessels and ships are advised to withdraw their services to Warri ESCRAVOS waters, to Bonny NLNG Port Harcourt waters from the Gulf of Guinea to Nigeria water ways should stop their services henceforth and any of the ships and the vessels that refuse to comply with our directive will meet with the fire power attack from the dreaded strike force units of the RNDA Militant groups.” No doubt, the problems of Niger Delta have been far from abating with crisis of corruption, maladministration that have afflicted major agencies such as the NDDC and the Ministry of Niger Delta. These, coupled with the fact that the federal government appears to be overwhelmed with security challenges countrywide, as well as issues arising from Coronavirus pandemic have inevitably slowed down various peace processes in the region. But the RNDA must be careful against taking drastic steps capable of jeopardising the fragile situation, reversing the little gains recorded or even throwing the region into another round of violent crisis. If President Buhari did not recognise Niger Delta in his speech, that should not be singled out as a major offence, considering that the president’s speech also failed to capture pressing issues of insecurity, lawlessness, receding economy and social disequilibrium pervading the land. Indeed, most Nigerians who listened to the broadcast or later read the speech criticised it vehemently for lacking the ingredients Nigerians craved for concerning the nation. On the issue of inaugurating the board of NDDC, in place of a sole administrator, the RNDA has a valid point. Sole administration is an ad hoc arrangement that may sometime compromise due process or be manipulated to achieve some objectives. From the benefit of experience, government can use a sole administrator to get from the backdoor what it cannot get openly. Ordinarily, such arrangement is less than being the best, but the aggrieved youths should recognise that the President who has the power to constitute the board has indicated on occasions that he would inaugurate it once the commission has been fully investigated and cleared of corrupt and other impediments. It is only proper that the RNDA exercise patience for the audit to be completed. In this period of COVID-19 and security challenges, the RNDA should sheath its swords and allow government prove its sincerity. It is equally important that the president set a timeline for its temporary administration of the NDDC, in order to assure all stakeholders that government remains on course to give the Niger Delta its deserved place in the nation’s development.