Ogun State governor, Dapo Abiodun, has called on Nigeri­ans to shun calls for division, insurgency, banditry and all inter-ethnic, religious and po­litically motivated wranglings capable of disintegrating the country. Rather, they should embrace team-spirit, brotherliness and compassion for fellow beings. The governor made this call on Friday, at the 2021 Armed Forces Remembrance Day, held at the Arcade Ground, Oke-Mo­san, Abeokuta. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He noted that in order not to make sacrifices made by the country’s fallen heroes be in vain, Nigerians must encour­age the use of democratic and appropriate institutions in the processes of seeking redress. Represented by his deputy, Mrs. Noimot Salako-Oyedele, at the event attended by tradi­tional rulers, top government functionaries, military and para military organisations, Abiodun opined that whatev­er peace cannot achieve, war is not likely to achieve it, urging Nigerians to rebuild confidence and trust in the nation’s system and leadership. SSANU Embarks On Three Days Protest Over Non-payment Of Allowances Former President Jonathan Emerges Africa Peace And Security Leader Of The Year 2020 “As Nigerians, we should love ourselves. We may speak in different tongues. We may face different directions in our worship. But, in our diversi­ty lies our strength. We have walked hand-in-hand and shoulder-to-shoulder to scale many hurdles in the past. We can do it again. All that we need is our joint will and collective determination. Like the heroes that we are honouring today, we must be willing to give our all. Development is only possible in an atmosphere devoid of rancour and acrimony. “As a matter of fact, we must shun the call for division, insurgency, banditry and all inter-ethnic, religious and po­litically motivated wrangling. We should embrace team-spir­it, brotherliness and compas­sion for our fellow beings. We must encourage the use of democratic and appropriate institutions in the processes of seeking redress. We should bear it in mind that whatever peace cannot achieve, war is not likely to achieve it; and, if it does, it is at a great expense. Let us, therefore, rebuild confi­dence and trust in our system. Far above all, let us bequeath a nation that is free of troubles and woes to our children,” Abiodun stated. While praising the gal­lantry of the armed forces in combating insurgency and banditry in the country, the governor appealed to individ­uals, corporate bodies and or­ganisations to rise up to the challenge of giving support towards caring for the injured and the families of the dead by donating generously.