The job of an actor, always, is to be that which the audience needs to see, and Folayemi Olatunji, popular as Yemi Blaq remains one who never disappoints nor shies away from the expectations of his craft. The actor, with almost two decades experience in Nollywood, speaks exclusively to TOMI FALADE in this interview on his love for his craft and everything in between. Growing up, would you say you always wanted to be an actor? Yes, I always wanted to be an actor. It was something that I have loved doing since I participated in a drama performance in Primary Five; Incorruptible Judge. I enjoyed it a lot. I loved being on stage and since that time I wanted to be an actor. So it’s not something I dabbled into, it’s been a life-long, childhood dream of mine. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Many youngsters today think all you need is one big break. Others believe constant appearance in movies is the key to making it in Nollywood. Which do you think it is? It’s a combination of both. Sometimes you need a big break, sometimes it just happens because you have talent and sometimes you need to grind. Whatever it is, the most important thing is to realise that you need to grind. Sometimes, your big break does not come in the first or second year of your work, it may take about four to five years of serious grinding to get you to your big break or to let the world know about you. Of course, if you get that big break and you don’t have the talent to back it up, that means that you won’t be able to survive further than a few months or years. It’ll be like a flash in the pan. But if you have talent, you have the ethics, and you are grounded, then your big break would get you into bigger and bigger breaks. There Is No Such Thing As Timeless Music – eLDee 2021 Box Office With the many years you’ve invested in the industry, is there any singular thing that would make you leave showbiz? No, there’s nothing at all that would make me leave showbiz. Showbiz is my thing, and I have always liked it. I’m dedicated to it, so there’s nothing that can make me leave. Unless of course, the world says that showbiz has to end. Then I will be part of the resistance to ensure that it comes back. It’s just my life, acting, writing, performing. Being an actor looks glamorous on the outside. Tell us, does acting pay the bills or do you have a side hustle? Acting pays my bills. Of course, venturing into other things these days happens because you learn that you can’t have just one means of income, so I’m venturing into other things and trying to grow my portfolio. But for a long time, acting has paid my bills and it has paid them quite well. Maintaining a marriage in an industry like Nollywood can be difficult. What has been your secret over the years? I think the secret to every situation, relationship and marriage is just understanding that you cannot bring too much of the external into it. That has to be sacrosanct, it has to be unique to the people that are running it. The secret to the success of every marriage should be about the two parties understanding that they are both responsible for the outcome, and they must try as much as possible to keep things within them. Keep acting away from marriage and keep marriage away from acting. At the end of the day, they’ll both do well. We have seen you in several roles: the maniacal boyfriend/husband, the lover boy, boss, and others… What kind of role would you say is your forte? I don’t know about a forte, I just like to push myself and explore different things. That’s the job of an actor, to be different people in one lifetime. I wouldn’t think of a forte, I am an actor. Throw me in deep waters, I’ll thrive. How do you handle negative criticism in your work? Has there ever been a time negative comments got to you? I really don’t know. Maybe it’s because of the appreciation for my craft or because of the fact that people don’t want to come forth with criticism. I haven’t had much criticism for my work, but if it ever came I would be objective because I know what I know as an actor, and I know what I know as an artiste. I also realise that art is very subjective, so while one person may look at my work and think that it is a representation of perfection, another person may look at it and say “rubbish.” In the midst of all that, I find my balance. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION