The Nigerian Government has denied that its Embassy in France is charging an upward of €500 for passport renewal from citizens. Ferdinand Nwoye, spokesman of the Nigerian Foreign Affairs Ministry in a statement, said the fees for passport applications, which is the equivalent of $106, are the same at Nigerian Missions worldwide. He emphasised that allegedly linking the Embassy of Nigeria in France with passport racketeering is false. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “The Ministry wishes to strongly refute the allegations in the report and state for the records that the Embassy of Nigeria in France is not engaged in such act. “The Ministry also wishes to emphasise that the allegation that applicants pay between €150- 500 for passports that cost €90 is completely false. The fees for passport applications, which is the equivalent of $106, are the same at Nigerian Missions worldwide. Textile Material Smugglers Responsible For Dearth of Textile Industries- President, Cotton Ginners Association 70bn Self-Generated Electricity: Organised Private Sector, Labour Call For MYTO Revisal “The information on the current charges and official procedure for services at the Embassy are well publicised. Furthermore, the Embassy’s current online appointment system for applicants seeking passport and consular services was introduced over a year ago to promote transparency, streamline applications and ensure crowd control. “In line with current regulations, Nigerians are expected to book for their appointments through this medium and only those with confirmed appointments are attended to. “The Ministry wishes to inform that the Embassy has not engaged any agent or third party individuals to liaise with Nigerians when seeking appointments for its services and no one is expected to pay any hidden charges for services rendered at the Embassy. Therefore, Nigerians in France are advised to avoid dealing with anyone outside the Embassy or engage in any unofficial procedure when applying for passport or any other consular services. “It is also pertinent to state that in the aftermath of the COVID-19 measures and the surge in the number of applicants who book for appointments, the Embassy currently has online passport applications bookings until the end of March, 2021, which are being treated expeditiously.” 