Dr. Babatunde Adewale, Deputy Director and Head, Public Health and Epidemiology Department, Nigeria Institute of Medical Research (NIMR), in this interview with CHIOMA UMEHA, speaks on the increasing cases of COVID-19 transmission in the country and the way out. Excerpts: The increasing trend in the country’s infections has persisted despite fluctuating figures 1664; 1,565 and 1544 cases recorded on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday respectively. What is the cause? You see there has been an increase in the number of cases. There has been about 52 percent increase in the number of infections. Reason being that people are not taking precautionary measures, such as wearing masks, washing hands, observing social distances, and so on. People are not doing those. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! In fact, there is a study we want do about the people in the market, to see what is happening. In markets there is no social distancing, people do not use masks or wash their hands. And yet you have a lot of people still buying and selling. So we want to see what is going on in the markets. A lot of them do not believe that there is coronavirus. Sometimes, when you tell someone about corona virus, they ask you to show them one person who has died from the virus. Link Between Pelvic Inflammatory Diseases And Infertility Nigeria Medical Association Score Lalong High On Health Care People are actually dying, but you see, among the masses, they may not know that it is corona virus. But, they may think it was malaria or typhoid fever. There was this newspaper publication about a religious gathering that after they gathered; they came up with the infection. It is true, because I met some of them. When I met them, a couple of them said they had malaria. But the actual thing might not be malaria. It could be a coronavirus infection. So, I asked them if they had gone for the COVID-19 test, and they responded, no. But, they thought it was malaria. So, a number of people would have the infection and due to their strong immune status, they might survive it. But, that does not mean that it is not COVID-19. However, according to their basic knowledge, they might tell you it is malaria. What are the manifestations and symptoms? How can we tell the difference? COVID-19 viral infection manifests similar symptoms to Malaria. But it becomes more severe with people having co-morbid situations. This includes individuals who are diabetic, asthmatic and hypertensive. But, for other people not having co-morbid cases, it might just look like malaria to them. They would be sneezing, running nose, cold, etc. You know, just the usual malaria symptoms. But, in some instances if you look a little more closely, it may be a little more severe than the usual malaria. It becomes very severe among people with co-morbidity. We see such individuals having difficulty in breathing, loss of appetite and so on. What does diabetes have to do with COVID-19? Such a person has his immune status compromised already. So it comes down heavily with such individuals with compromised immunity. So, what should individuals do differently in view of the increased rate of infection? A lot of Nigerians are not taking proper precautions. They go to crowded parties with no nose mask, sanitiser or hand washing. So individuals should exercise the precautionary measures. Do not go to crowded places. Observe social distancing, wash your hands regularly and use your sanitisers. When you do all of these, the rate of infection and mortality would go down and gradually things would get back to normal. Because a lot of people do not believe that there is Coronavirus. They still organise parties with 200,000 people or 500,000 people in attendance. Is there any other new thing Nigerians should do besides form the regular wearing of face masks? Well, I would not really say. Except that you try as much as possible to ensure your immunity stays strong. Maybe you could try taking vitamin C. This is because your immunity is what is involved in fighting of diseases. Avoid things that could further endanger your life or make you pre-disposed to infection. What about the government? Is there anything the government has done that they need to do differently? I don’t think this is about the government. It is just about the masses. Nigerians do not believe that there is Corona virus here. They do not observe the precautionary measures. So if Nigerians do what the government has asked them to do, I think things would be better. For instance, the FG has said that people from level 12 downward should not come to work. The essence of this is to avoid overcrowding. Those are the things the government could do and which they are already doing. They have placed bans on gatherings restricting a certain number of individuals present. I know that the government has placed on social gatherings, religious gatherings, etc. those are the things that the government will do, but it is just for the masses to obey and do what they have been asked to do. With that we would be helping ourselves a lot. But, when we do not obey government regulations and things like that, well, there is little or nothing the government can do. The government is doing what they should do, but it is left for the masses to do the right thing. When we look at the upsurge in view of whether it is the new strain or not, how prepared are we when it comes to the increasing number of people who are getting infected? I can only talk about my institute in terms of preparation for whether an upsurge or what we have. In the last three months of 2020, the institute has come up with a number of innovations. We have Sars-CoV-2 isothermal molecular assay (SIMA) which can help the diagnosis to be 40 minutes, instead of the usual 3-6 hours of real-time polymerise chain reaction (PCR). SIMA reduces the time spent in diagnosis. These are some of the things the institute has done. Apart from that, the institute is currently having a new machine that can sequence a virus, which can tell whether there is a new strain or not. It is a new machine that has just been acquired. These are some of the things that the institute is doing. Some experts said that there is a review of sequence data showing the strain was already in Nigeria in June and August, but that September had the least prevalence. Laxity of the use of preventive measures may be to blame. Yes, that is still what we are saying. The upsurge we have now may not be as a result of the strain we have. It would be as a result of individuals not taking the necessary precautionary measures. Since the strain mutated in June and August, we want to know if that strain also mutated to another leading to a second wave. Well, it actually mutated in August, this we have confirmed, though by September there was a reduction in prevalence. That is why we are talking about a high severity of infection which we did not talk about then. So, in this case, what is your advice? Are you suggesting a lockdown? A lockdown would not be good for the country. I would not suggest a lockdown. The only thing is I think the government should step up on campaigns, so that people would abide by precautionary measures. Also, there could be some level of enforcements; people would also be forced to do the needful. A lockdown would not be good for the country, considering the economy of our country now. If you lock down again, I do not think it is in the best interest of our country for now. The thing is that people should learn to live with the virus for now. You use your nose mask, sanitise, wash your hands, and observe social distancing, not that they should lockdown, and people would not go to work. No, I do not think it is good for the country. Some analysts believe that the last year’s lockdown led to an increase in some other diseases and infections. What is your take? Definitely yes, the lock down could cause that. For instance, individuals observing Tuberculosis treatment, which is a directly observed treatment, would not be able to reach their clinics. Many individuals did not have access to medical treatment because of the lockdown. So the lock down has other impacts asides from the economic impact. Obese individuals who need regular exercise and movement would be affected. People that require regular medical health attention would also be affected as well. Generally, what is your advice on a final note? My advice is for people to obey and take the precautionary measures. Do them. The government should step up advocacy and campaigns concerning precautionary measures. There could be a certain level of enforcements like, if you do not have your nose mask you would be arrested or charged. If some people are not forced to do certain things they would not do it. How do you see the current alert that there would be a second wave of Coronavirus all things being equal? That is a kind of forecast. It may not necessarily happen if people should do what they should do. For example, when Coronavirus started they believed that Africans would die like chickens. But, contrary to their opinion, that did not happen in Africa. So it is not compulsory that their forecast would always happen. If people do what they should do, it would not happen. It is a 50/50 thing. It is a protection that is going by what is happening they could be a second wave in the next couple of months. So things can change.