In order to mitigate against social vices among youths in Oyo State as a result lack of education, a non-governmental organisation, “Mafoya Oluwa Mbe” Foundation, has offered to assist the state government in sponsoring over 100,000 out-of-school children with institutional grants to make education affordable to them. Available statistics indicated that Nigeria has about 12 million out of school children, with Oyo State having about 10 percent of that huge number. However, the Foundation noted that a lot would be done in order to help the government reverse the trend, with a launch in Ibadan focusing on education, health and empowerment of the needy. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! This disclosure was made in Ibadan, the state capital at a press conference by the family of late Chief Ezekiel Amoo Agboola, who initiated the Foundation in memory of the late patriarch. The Coordinator of the Foundation, Mr Olusegun Agboola, who is one of the children of the late patriarch, explained that the project is aimed at moving the late patriarch’s philanthropic legacy forward. Enugu Extends Yellow Fever Vaccination To 3 LGs, Targets Additional 710,149 Residents COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of March – ACDC, NIMR, Researchers Stressing that in a bid to carry out the activities of the Foundation, an intervention philanthropic fund of N101 million be would be launched to provide succour to the needy as the late patriarch died at the age of 101 years. He also disclosed that the Foundation would seek the partnership, support and assistance in the fulfillment of its mandate. Agboola explained that the name, “Mafoya Oluwa Mbe” which was the trademark of their late father is coined from the Bible verse and literal translation of Isaiah 41:10 in the Yoruba language, which instructs that “we should not fear, lose hope or be dismayed and affirms God’s presence to all in times of distress and to know the God Almighty is there to provide succour and help. According to him, “This inspiring and fortifying scripture guided our Father-Chief Ezekiel Amoo Agboola perhaps through all his life having lost his own father at a tender age of eight (8) years as the third and last son of his mother’s five (5) children in a polygamous family of little means. “His continuous recital of the bible verse soon ensured that he became known as Agbo Mafoya amongst his comity of friends and associates. Those words were eventually found on the lintels of the first house he built at Oke-Offa Atipe in Ibadan after he fortuitously reclaimed inheritance amongst his paternal family, the same name soon became his business name and clearly written on every eventual expression including a shopping mall, sawmill and a fleet of trucks in the timber-logging value chain”. The coordinator added that one of the areas the foundation intended to give support to indigents students and out-of-school students is through the giving of education support grant. “The government alone cannot provide affordable education to the teeming population in our dear state. We hope to make our own contribution in assisting indigent students who otherwise may not have the required help. “The foundation would also help in the provision of qualitative healthcare by giving assistance to the government. “The ongoing pandemic has exposed the lack of infrastructure and institutional approach to the provision of healthcare in the country. The main social good of providing qualitative care needs private participation as has been recently demonstrated and this cannot be left alone even if all we can do is to assist the efforts of our government and public officials. “Our people are naturally resourceful and enterprising . The level of poverty due to the collective unattended riches of our nation makes it dire and pitiful ,that our country only ranks among the poorest nations of the world when there are Natural endowments to put us in the comity of prosperous nations. Providing the needed leg-up for the indigents will also be one of the efforts of the foundation”.