Former Governor of Ogun State, Chief Olusegun Osoba is a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC). In this television interview monitored by AKINWUNMI KING in Lagos, Osoba explained that the APC had a polite agreement to return the presidency to the south after the north might have served for eight years. He maintained that the national leader of the APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has every right to push himself forward to run for presidency in 2023. Excerpts: There have been agitations that South East should produce the next president in 2023 for the sake of equity. But there are also some people saying the South West is also free to make a bid for the presidency. Do you think it is right for the South West to bid after producing a president who served for eight years and a vice president who is also serving a second term, should the South West be talking about 2023 presidency at all? Why not? My honest opinion is this… I was the chairman of the constitution drafting committee of the APC merger. We of the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) were the dominant group from the south and the South West is the home and the root of progressive politicking. Part of the understanding in the case of rotation is a conventional understanding that the presidency will move between the north and the south. That was the reason why we allowed the chairman… I don’t want to use the word zoning because we definitely didn’t put zoning in our constitution because we know it may go into conflict with the Nigerian Constitution which says that anybody who is a Nigerian, who has read up to school certificate can contest for the presidency. But there was a clearly gentlemanly understanding that the northern part of the country would produce the president when we did the merger in 2013 and the chairman of the party would then come from the south. We have had a president for six and a half years now from the north in the APC. The president will be there until 2023. The chairmanship has moved from Chief Bisi Akande from the South West to John Oyegun from the South South and to Adams Oshiomhole also from the South South. Of course, at the end of the tenure of President Muhammadu Buhari, the gentlemanly agreement is that the presidency will come to the south. And I talk of the south in terms of the two countries or territories that were forced to amalgamate in 1914, which means the South South, South East and the South West, which are also not in the Constitution, can bid and should be allowed to produce the next president for this country. Therefore, those from the South East, those from the South South, and those from the South West can put up candidates for the party’s primary and whoever emerges from the primary can then be the candidate of our party, that is the gentlemanly understanding that we reached when we were doing the merger arrangement. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! You and Chief Bisi Akande visited the president to remind him of the agreement that was reached while APC was being put together. Also, former Governor Babatunde Fashola came forward to say that the APC should not violate the agreement that was reached in 2013 and 2014 in which we were told that power will come back to the South West after the north has had its turn on the platform of the APC. What will happen if the north decides to disappoint the ACN caucus within the APC? Of course, former Governor Fashola is right. He was a very strong member among the then governors who also worked very hard. He was the first to host the governors that were part of the merger, he played a leading role. I remember that when we got to the point of not agreeing to an important issue, Fashola came in that day, he was sent by the governors to address us and his visit at the merger committee created a window where we then agreed on a very major issue that was in contention. So Fashola is a strong knowledgeable member of the merger group, so when he speaks, he is speaking authoritatively and I support him fully. As to our visit to the president, myself and Chief Bisi Akande were the leaders of the team that visited the president. At our level, both of us are over 80, we should be honest and we were honest with the president. We went to discuss serious issues and people were talking as if we went there to discuss 2023. Who knows tomorrow, why should we go and be discussing 2023 in 2020? We went there to discuss serious issues, we discussed security; we discussed burning issues in the South West; we discussed restructuring the country and we discussed the issue of #EndSARS and the effects in Lagos. And that was why we went along with Prince Tajudeen Olusi and Dr. Yomi Finnih. So, we went there to discuss serious issues and the president gave us reasonable time, he took time to explain to us exhaustively all the efforts he was making about security, he listened to us on all the issues that we took to him and we discussed Lagos because of all the damages done to Lagos are too enormous. I was moved to tears the day my wife and I went to Igbosere High Court, I couldn’t believe that High Court where I cut my teeth as a reporter covering the renowned Justices like GIC Taylor, Dadi Onyeama, Udo Udoma and others, was totally destroyed to the point that it will take billions, if not trillions to restore it. Last week, I went to Lagos Island to visit the family house of Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu, I was shocked at the junction of Okepopo by Omididun where the house is located, the house was destroyed. These were some of the issues we went to discuss with the president, we were honest with him and he was open and frank with us, and we made suggestions as to the way forward. So, we of the ACN, we have access and we will continue to use that access to speak truth to power. I will be 82 this year, what else is there that I should not be honest with anybody? I have been dealing with presidents from the days of Prime Minister Tafawa Balewa as a reporter. So what then should I be afraid of? We went there to have discussions relating to the stability of this country, we may not be happy but we are doing our best to still make our voice heard within the party. Seeing People Living The Life I Lived Before Makes Me Uncomfortable –Dr. Williams-Daudu What Will Determine Who Succeeds Buhari At Aso Rock If you say that the ACN caucus is not happy within the APC, what is it that makes the ACN caucus unhappy? I, as the chairman of the constitution drafting committee, I do know that part of the problems of the APC is that we abandoned the constitution that we drafted, we did not implement a lot of the provisions of the constitution, that is a major issue for us for example. I will be honest with you, when we were debating the constitution, we debated each of the powerful forces within the merger then. Some people were afraid then that President Buhari has such a following in the north that is committed to him and that he may become too powerful to handle. Some people felt Alimodu Sherrif could become a problem, we debated it, some people felt Asiwaju Tinubu in the South West could become a problem, we debated it and different people had different opinions. We debated all the contending forces and that was how we came to say that… and some people feared that they didn’t want to produce an Obasanjo who became so powerful in the PDP that he was removing chairmen every other year and became perpetual chairman of the board of trustees. And that was why we came to the conclusion that let us rotate the chairmanship among the six different zones for the board of trustees. We had a large board of trustees and that board of trustees was to break into committees, to intervene in areas of troubles and problems all over the country. Till today, that board of trustee has never met, it has never been constituted. Of course, ACN people in the party, we are not happy about that, I am just giving you an example. What will happen if the north decides not to respect the agreement of returning power to the south? In politics, we went to a voluntary association. If I marry you, marriage is a voluntary thing of two parties. If the marriage doesn’t work out, whatever happens at the point, when we get to the bridge, we will cross it. As far as I am concerned, the next president should come from the south and being democratic, I don’t see anything wrong in allowing anybody from the southern part of this country to join in going to the primary and let us have a very open primary. And that was why we said in our constitution that there should be a direct primary, in which all members throughout the country would participate. In 2018, President Buhari submitted himself to a direct primary and every member had a voice. So I don’t know why as of today we cannot do electronic membership drives. I keep saying that if Nigerian banks are so advanced that they can give you alert when any kobo is taken from your account and you can see fraudulent acts have reduced in the bank. So if the bank can operate internet banking successfully, I don’t see why any party should not do electronic membership review. There are speculations that Asiwaju Bola Tinubu is eyeing the presidency come 2023. Is this part of the agreement in the APC? First of all, nobody in the South East has consulted me and I must say that I am a reasonable elder in the party. So nobody in the South East has consulted me to lobby or say they are interested. I recall, I was very strong in the campaign on late MKO Abiola in 1992. We went round the whole of the East, himself and I went to see Dr. Nnamdi Azikwe in his house, C.C. Onoh, Sam Mbakwe, we went round the whole of the East to lobby them that we were interested. I told one of my close friends in government who is a minister from the East, he spoke to me about a month ago and I told him, there is so much noise from the East, who have you contacted or lobbied? Secondly, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu as an individual has a right to put himself forward. We did not zero in on an individual. It is Bola Ahmed Tinubu’s right to put himself forward and my own attitude is this, we in the South West should first of all unite and this is what I have been preaching to everybody. There are so many groups in the South West and we need to come together and speak with one voice and if we want to get the presidency, let all of us first fight and ensure that the South West becomes a force to get the thing. I am not going to zero it on any individual now because zeroing it on any individual will destroy our efforts. But Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu as a person has a right to pursue his own personal agenda. Your party, the APC promised restructuring during the electioneering campaign and over five years down the line, nothing has happened. Why has your party not fulfilled the promise to restructure Nigeria? I want to be very honest with you, I am one of those that was given the mandate by the ACN then. The ACN then was a very crucial party and a crucial part of the merger because we were the strongest in the south. We had all the governors in the South West; we produced the highest number of governors at the point of merger among all the parties that were involved. The CPC and ACN were the major players, the APGA did not participate but Governor Rochas Okorocha of Imo State participated as an individual, he represented the East so to say. We in the ACN went to the merger because we had all the time when we were in the AD as governors and we were fighting for the restructuring of Nigeria and we were always in court with the then President Obasanjo. On fiscal federalism, we went to court that all revenues should go into the federation account from where it should be distributed according to the agreed formula stated in the Constitution. President Obasanjo went in breach of that provision, he was just spending the money as he liked. He even went as far as tampering with the local government fund, using it to buy vehicles for police and all kinds of things, and when we warned and warned and he didn’t listen, we went to court and won the case. Secondly, he started tampering with the local government system, he kept encouraging the local government chairmen to form what they called ALGON and we told him pointedly that he has no right whatsoever to interfere with the affairs of the local governments in our states. We then of the AD were very strong on those issues but he didn’t listen. He encouraged them to form a federation of local government and we said local government is purely the affair of the state, when he did not listen to our counselling, we went to court. In actual fact, he brought a memo to the council of state on local government reform and we threw it out on the ground that we were in court and the following week, we won the case again. So I am just giving examples of some of the reforms that we took and we were fighting President Obasanjo on many issues of federation. You will recall that at a point, he seized the funds of local governments in Lagos State because the state created Local Council Development Areas, I did the same thing in Ogun State and took the creation up to the National Assembly. All these we were doing to test and ensure that we had true federalism. And I am sure that because of these actions, that we didn’t allow President Obasanjo to go haywire and turn the centre into a more powerful non-federal system, that made him at the point to rig the election in all the South West and ensure that those of us who are highly strong at council of state did not return as governors. I have no regrets, I have my peace of mind, I offered to serve, if people in Nigeria then agreed to let Obasanjo rig the election, I returned home. So, these are things we were fighting for then in the AD and it was this philosophy we carried on into the merger, and we, in the ACN, part of the agreement that we reached… and I was a strong member of the merger group. Like I said, I was the chairman of the constitution drafting committee where we lay down a lot of provisions in our constitution that would have served as checks and balances. We insisted on true federalism and restructuring of the country and we insisted that this should be part of the promises that we will make to Nigeria because those of us in the South West are the leaders on the issue of restructuring and it was embedded in the APC manifesto. If you google the manifesto of APC today, you will see the promise that we made to Nigeria in that manifesto of which I and my colleagues in the ACN were very strong advocates of true federalism and restructuring, which was accepted. After we now won the election, it took some time before we were able to get to the point of addressing the issue of restructuring, it was Chief John Oyegun as chairman that set up a very powerful committee under the chairmanship of governor of Kaduna State, Nasir El-Rufai and the now Minister of Interior, Rauf Aregbesola, who was then the governor of Osun State, a very strong advocate of true federalism and a genuine Omoluabi of Yoruba, was a member of that committee and the committee did a very exhaustive and scientific analysis. They tested opinions in all the zones and an exhaustive report on restructuring Nigeria was written, they accepted state police; they accepted resource control; they accepted control of local government under the federating state; they accepted the cancellation of the 774 local governments that were put in the Constitution. The report went before our national working committee where it was fully debated and agreed to. It was brought to us at the national caucus, the national caucus is a group of past administrators, past presidents, past vice presidents, past senate presidents, speakers, past governors. It was at the level of caliber of people that made up the national caucus. With the president in attendance, the report was brought to us, we debated it, adjusted it and the following day, it was taken to the National Executive Council (NEC), which is the final body and it was adopted. I must say that it had gone through all the organs of the party, what is now left then was to send the report to the National Assembly to debate and ensure that a lot of the provisions are agreed to. But to my shock I believe, some people sat on that report, which in actual fact, had gone through all the levels of the party. That was the state in which we are and I don’t want to talk too much about the efforts some of us are still making to ensure that we seriously address this issue. There is a belief that since the Amotekun security outfit started operation, there has been some sanity in the South West but looking at the nation as a whole, insecurity still prevails. What do you think is the way out? I can tell that the totality of Yorubas are in support of Amotekun and of course, Amotekun is crucial to our system. People misunderstand the philosophy behind Amotekun. Amotekun is first of all to operate as an intelligence gathering wing of our security because policing and security should be localised. We used to have both native authority and local government police even in the colonial days. The colonialists operated through our age-long system which we had in the South West. They are the ones who know their terrain and their areas. I will give you an example, Evans the notorious kidnapper who has been convicted now, was picking people and hiding them somewhere in Festac, and because the police is over-centralised in Abuja, they did not know at all that Evans was hiding people in a populated and among well educated people in Festac. If we have had a well localised police system, there is no way a man like Evans would have been able to carry out this terrible act in a place like Lagos. I remember when I was young in Lagos Island, there was a neighbourhood intelligence gathering system, there were area fathers, I called them area fathers because they were people who are respected and have voices in virtually every street. They know who to call when something is stolen and they will order them to produce that stolen item and it will be produced. We need to go to that level of localised intelligence gathering and that is why those who are critical of Amotekun are saying it has not been effective. Amotekun is a new outfit, it will take time before Amotekun will settle; it will take time before the system will work efficiently. I am so happy about it and I have no regret in supporting Amotekun, in supporting our governors who had the courage. We are not fighting anybody and I don’t know why anybody should be saying… I was shocked when some people were criticising why the South West should have Amotekun. How can you say that it is an offense for me to put CCTV in my house? It is an offense to put electrical wire around my fence; how does that affect you in your own zone? If I want Amotekun in the South West, so be it.