Players in the Nigerian aviation industry express faint growth for sector in 2021, saying COVID-19 pandemic will still disrupt activities in the industry worldwide. OLUSEGUN KOIKI writes. The entire global aviation industry was on the reverse gear in 2020. No thanks to the advent of the COVID-19 pandemic that sprouted out in December 2019 in Wuhan, China. All the projections of single digit growth in 2020 by international bodies; the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) and the International Air Transport Association (IATA) were rubbished. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The sector was in a shamble; aviation professionals lost their means of livelihood, aircraft littered aprons, while air travellers especially tourists were grounded. The world’s economies were in comatose. For 2021, the sordid situation may continue as the pandemic is far from slowing down its ravaging impact on the world’s economies. COVID-19, Foreign Exchange Dwarf Activities In 2020 – Stakeholders Emirates Sky Cargo Transports First Batch Of Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccines To Dubai As of December 2020, many countries have already witnessed the second wave of the pandemic, while a few others have locked down once again. Nigeria, according to the daily statistics release by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), record a high number of COVID-19 cases, higher than when the disease was at its peak from March to July in the country, which necessitated the lockdown of many of the states of the federation by the government at the centre then. Already in order to reduce the spread of the virus in the country, the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) threatened to sanction airlines the sum of $3,500 for each passenger that did not comply to the Federal Government’s rules concerning the United Kingdom (UK) and South Africa on airlifting of passengers from the two countries, which recorded a spike in the disease last December. NCAA in a statement signed by Capt. Musa Nuhu, its Director-General, said such airlines may be required to return non-Nigerian defaulting passengers to point of embarkation, adding that it may also be compelled to revoke permit of such carrier(s) for non-compliance. According to NCAA, passengers flying from the UK and South Africa must present pre-departure permit to fly/QR Code generated from Nigeria’s international travel portal and a documentary evidence of a negative Covid-19 Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) test result done within 96 hours of boarding. The regulatory agency in its reviewed quarantine protocols said that passengers originating from both UK and SA would be received and processed separately by public health authorities, adding that all the new travel rules would be applicable to both scheduled and non-scheduled passengers from the two countries. Nuhu said: “With the recent spike in cases of Covid-19 in Nigeria and the reported a transmissible new variant of the virus in the United Kingdom and South Africa, the Nigerian Government through Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Covid-19 has reviewed the quarantine protocols. “Passengers originating from the United Kingdom (UK) and South Africa: For flights and passengers originating from the United Kingdom (UK) and South Africa with the final destination being Nigeria the following shall apply: “Passengers must present the following two documents in order to be allowed to board their flights to Nigeria: (a) Pre-departure permit to fly/ QR code generated from the Nigeria International travel portal (https://nitp.ncdc.gov.ng) showing evidence of payment for the post-arrival day seven COVID-19 PCR test and (b) Documentary evidence of a negative COVID-19 PCR result done within 96 hours (four days) of boarding from verifiable laboratory or health facility. On arrival in Nigeria, passengers will be received and processed separately by public health authorities.” Besides, in Nigeria, the already bad case of Covid-19 pandemic was exacerbated by several factors, which included scarcity of foreign exchange, continued drop of naira against major foreign currencies especially the dollars, inadequate infrastructure for operators and the failure of the government to make good its promise to release the sum of N5 billion bailout fund to airlines, ground handlers and auxiliary organisations, even though, many stakeholders had argued that the fund was hugely inadequate to rescue the organisations from collapsing. It is obvious that most Nigerian airlines struggled to spread their wings throughout 2020, but surprisingly, despite the close of shop of some major airlines and other aviation organisations in Middle East, Europe and America, none of the country’s airlines shut operations. However, stakeholders in the sector in an interview with our correspondent said that tougher times await business entities in 2021. Many of the analysts said that for organisations; airlines, ground handlers, government agencies and other private organisations to remain in business in the new year, they needed to think out of the box, the government should come to their rescue by relaxing some of their levies. Mr. Alex Nwuba, aviation analyst, opined that players in the sector should expect tougher 2021 as the economy was already in a downward trend. Nwuba mentioned increasing debts and the dwindling fortune of the naira as some of the challenges that may make year 2021 more difficult for business environment in the sector than projected, stressing that to remain in business in an economic recession like ours, some of the airlines may need to merge or form an alliance with one and other. He said: “2021 will start tougher due to the many economic challenges facing the country; increasing debt, declining naira and limited capital to the industry. “Interest rates are declining and will provide relief, but airlines are already highly leveraged and consumers are continuing into the year in an economic recession but, the industry has been resilient and mergers may be necessary to save some airlines.” Grp. Capt. John Ojikutu, another aviation player, lamented the challenges that dwarfed most parts of 2020, saying that the sector was yet to wriggle out of the unpleasant situation, which took many by surprise. He doubted that the industry would return to the pre-COVID-19 pandemic period for air travellers traffic figures in the next three years locally and internationally, stressing that the only available markets for Nigerian carriers remained regional and freight services. Ojikutu like Nwuba, also encouraged code sharing among the nation’s airlines, while also asking the government to in 2021 to grade the airports into four categories and reduce levies for the carriers. He said: “Therefore, the available markets for our domestic airlines are local and regional cargo services. Otherwise, most of them will sooner than later be out of operations. Right now, there are about 100 million metric tons of cargo movement in Nigeria mainly by road and marine, while the airlines carry just about 200,000 metric tons or 0.0005 per cent of the road and marine. “The airlines need to think seriously out of the individual boxes of operating. They must do code sharing; it makes no economic sense for two airlines to have two aircraft going to same two routes, each aircraft with less than 60 per cent load factors without a sense of code sharing their passengers for one route each to one another. “Government must begin also to think of grading the federal airports into four categories and reducing their service charges according to their grading with airports of higher grading charging more than those with lower grading; airlines can have the options of which airports to operate to.” In the New Year, Ojikutu expressed that no one airline should be allowed to operate to Lagos and Abuja airport, emphasising that either Lagos or Abuja and any other in the alternative geographical region of north or south should be granted foreign carriers within the year. He explained that this would lead to codeshare between Nigerian carriers and their foreign counterparts, adding that more jobs would be created locally for technical personnel in the sector through the arrangement. He also called on the managements of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) and the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA) to complement the efforts of the airline by improving the infrastructure at some of the airports especially the facilities for night and inclement weather landings. Also, Mr. Olumide Ohunayo, the Director, Research, Zenith Travels, predicted that 2021 would be a tough year for the entire aviation industry, not just in Nigeria, but across the globe. Ohunayo noted that the Covid-19 pandemic would continue till at least second quarter of 2021, hoping that more air passengers would travel locally in the new year. “…but international travel will still be low and almost flat, while domestic travel will continue to increase if we are able to get over the second wave quickly. Some days are gone for good; the conferences, meetings that you will like to travel to attend, I think the pandemic has taken that aspect away from travel. “What we should focus on is how people can still travel to enjoy their holidays, family gatherings, and others. At that point, you know it is not a Nigerian issue, other countries too must work hard to get the pandemic out of the system so that confidence building can increase. “2021 is going to be a tough year, no doubt. We need to work in boosting the naira against other currencies and I think a policy is being introduced now; paying foreign companies directly into their accounts. “This will lead to Nigeria getting more foreign exchange coming into its coffers and it will reduce the pressure put on naira by this scarcity of fund. With this, we will not be withholding the repatriation of their funds. When we do that, they will now be forced to sell direct and in the foreign currency,” he said. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION