Writers across the world and stakeholders in the literary community have been mourning the sudden departure of the former Minister of State for Education and erstwhile National President of the Association of Nigerian Authors (ANA), Professor Jerry Agada, who died on Tuesday, December 22, 2020, at the Federal Medical Centre, FMC, Makurdi. Professor of Literature and Gender Studies at the University of Abuja, Vicky Sylvester, said Agada was a bridge builder among the literati. “We will miss him. We were expecting a lot more from him, especially in terms of mentorship. We have young people who need to be mentored,” she added. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! A children’s literature author, Salamatu Sule said Agada’s ideas was a masterpiece to both the established and up and coming authors. “I once called him and asked if it was okay to apply to the NLNG Literature Prize as an observer. I wanted to know if it was a good idea for me to obtain the observer status and he agreed it would go a long way to hearing external views about the award, but argued that I may not get it as the award itself had been designed by the host, NLNG. Davido Makes U-Turn After Hinting He Will Dump Music Osi-Bobagunwa Of Egbaland, Yemi Lawal Celebrates “He also argued that I may not have the opportunity of entering my works for the awards.” Immediate past president of ANA, Mallam Denja Abdullahi, described the late writer as a typical father figure among the literati. “He was an archetypal father with a lot of children and an overseer of a great compound where all sorts of beats will find ready dancers, as said in one of Achebe’s books. “Many of us encountered him in the Association of Nigerian Authors (ANA), an Association he was very proud of; publicly proclaiming that pride before the Senate in a ministerial screening years ago and which he served practically to the very end of his life; garnering well deserved positions and accolades, culminating in becoming its President, Fellow and a member of the National Advisory Council. ”Expressing its shock and sadness over the death of the seasoned author and educationist, the Nigeria LNG Limited (NLNG), the sponsor of The Nigeria Prize for Literature, said Agada contributed immensely towards the transition of the Prize as one of the Advisory Board members. In a statement signed by Eyono Fatayi-Williams, General Manager, External Relations and Sustainable Development, the organisation described the late minister as a well-rounded professional. “The late Professor Agada joined the Advisory Board in 2011 where he contributed significantly to the development of The Nigeria Prize for Literature into a global brand and one of the most prestigious prizes in Africa. “He supported the transition of the Prize to a new administration and governance structure, driving improvement initiatives that impacted positively on the administration and adjudication as well as the integrity of the prize. “The late professor was a well-rounded professional who stood by the excellence and integrity of the Prize, and who animated deliberations with his witty remarks. He will be sorely missed by the Prize’s Board and secretariat.” NLNG therefore extends its condolence to the family of the late professor and the literature community in Nigeria and prays for their fortitude to bear the irreparable loss. It would be recalled that before his death, late Professor Agada served alongside Professor Emeritus Ayo Banjo and Professor Emeritus Ben Elugbe as a member of the Advisory Board and was the Chairman, Benue State Civil Service Commission. Before then, he was President of the Association of Nigerian Authors (ANA) and patron of its branch in Benue State. He was the Vice-Chairman of Fidei Polytechnic, Gboko and former Minister of State for Education of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. A seasoned public servant, he served as the Permanent Secretary, Benue State Ministry of Information, Youth, Sports and Culture; Benue State Ministry of Education; Benue State Ministry of Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs; and the Benue State Bureau of Political Affairs. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION