LAGOS – Chief Emeka Charles Kalu, a Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) chieftain and former governorship candidate in Abia State has urged the new Ohanaeze Ndigbo leadership headed by Professor George Obiozor, to work towards the unity of all Igbo speaking people in Nigeria. Kalu, the National Coordinator, Peoples Democratic Party Coalition (PDPCO), who spoke through a statement in Lagos on Saturday, urged the new Ohanaeze Ndigbo helmsman to ensure that Ndigbo speak in one voice for them to make the needed impact in the country. The PDP stalwart maintained that as the nation marches towards the 2023 general elections, the Prof. Obiozor –led Ohanaeze should galvanise Ndigbo to realise the essence of having a Nigerian President of South East extraction, now that the calls had become so loud and clear. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He stressed that Ndigbo would not realise this dream if they speak in different voices, stressing that there must be a unity of purpose among the Igbo to be able to have one of their own at helm of affairs at the Aso Rock seat of power come 2023. He stated: “Prof Obiozor, as a seasoned administrator and diplomat, should ensure that there is peace in Ibgoland and should not be swayed by the machinations of those who will not bat an eyelid before selling the ethnic group to others just for little pecks of office. Mesut Ozil To Join Fenerbahce From Arsenal Four Years After, IMN Seeks Implementation Of Court Order Releasing Zakzaky “Obiozor should also ensure that Igbo have enough say in the Nigerian nation and that the marginalisation of the ethnic group should end.” Kalu also stressed that Ohanaeze Ndigbo should be reformed so that it would cease to be a pun in the hands of politicians and political parties, stating this is the only way the socio-political organisation could regain its lost image and enjoy a pride of place among its peers in the country.