ABUJA  – The three elements of the triangle are mutually reinforcing to each other. For instance the product strategy is tightly connected to the desired customer service experience. The customer experience on the other hand rides on the back of the product strategy; what you want the product to accomplish or your vision about what you want the product to be, achieve or represent for the customer as well as within its product category is what at the end of the day will determine the possible range of experiences and outcomes that the customers can have with your product. The platform is therefore, the glue that holds the entire triangle together as well as provides a point of view, opinion or perspective for the product or brand. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The platform is also the creative process that neatly designs and ties all these points (the customer experience and the product strategy) together so as to present to the customers a meaningfully impactful brand that can resonate with their psyche. This is something that they will want to own and to hold or be identified with as a means of fulfilling their innate desires as well as expressing it. Colgate Unveils New Thematic Campaign To Drive Cavity Awareness A Product And Its Relationship With The Brand (1) One can also safely say that the product strategy encompasses the popular 4P’s of marketing. The product offering, the price position or point that you want the product to hold in the market; the promotional strategy for the product as well as the distribution strategy for the product – what kinds of outlets that you will want the product distributed through as well as the kinds of people/ distributors that you will want involved in the distribution of the products. The customer experience among other things will incorporate the people that the product is targeted at, the promise the product – brand is making to them as well as the personality, trait or perspective being propagated by the product/ brand. This is critical because not every product is targeted at every customer. Dove, oil of Ulay are all ranges of soaps, body lotions etc targeted at a completely different set of people from Lux soaps or Pears body lotion. So the actual question becomes, do you first produce a product and then seek to brand it or do you first design a brand and then seek to produce products that represents or carries the brand? Based on our discussion so far, a product will take some time and pass through some processes before it becomes identified with some cherished images symbols, perceptions, feelings by the consumers or before it connotes an idea or ideal that is cherished or held dear by the consumers. Consequently a product will naturally exist first in terms of its offering before it grows to represent some other intangible ideals that resonate with the consumer. However a lot of strategic marketing and brand management techniques have been deployed to ensure that from concept design, production and packaging the product is positioned to occupy a position in the minds of the consumers or to represent some ideals from day one. This short circuit’s the process or the time required for the product to assume the status of a brand. A clear path is designed for the product in its journey or evolution so as to save it from happenstance or the vagaries of uncertainties or chance that may befall it. With a careful management of the various indices the product achieves the desired status faster in a determined manner rather than through a process of luck or chance. In conclusion a product is made by a company and can be purchased by a consumer in exchange for money while brands are built through consumer perceptions, expectations, and experiences with all the products or services under a brand umbrella. For example, Toyota’s product is cars. Its umbrella brand is Toyota and each product has its own more specific brand name to distinguish the various Toyota-manufactured product lines from one another. Without a product, there is no need for a brand. According to Susan Gunelius there are several fundamental differences between a brand and a product (or a service) although popular products can become brands unto themselves while brand names can be used to refer to products. A product can be copied by competitors at anytime. When Amazon launched the Kindle e-reader device, it didn’t take long for competitors to come out with their own branded versions of an e-reader product. However, the brand associated with each e-reader device offers unique value based on the perceptions, expectations, and emotions that consumers develop for those brands through previous experiences with them. Similarly, a product can be replaced with a competitor’s product if consumers believe the two products offer the same features and benefits. Products with low emotional involvement are typically easily replaced. Products can become obsolete but brands can be timeless such that the memories of such brands still linger in the mind of the consumers long after it has ceased being an economic item. An example is goody goody sweet, which was a strong brand years ago in Nigeria. Though it has ceased to exist but most people who licked the sweet as kids still do have fond memories about it and its brand equity still remains very strong. VHS players are another good example of obsolete brands. Products are instantly meaningful but brands become meaningful over time. When you launch a new product, it’s easy to make that product instantly meaningful and useful to consumers because it serves a specific function for them. eobeta@gmail.com +2348139322773