ADO-EKITI- An Ado-Ekiti  High Court has sentenced an Assistant Commissioner of Police, ACP Okubo Aboye, 57, to life imprisonment for receiving stolen vehicle from kidnappers. Niyi Ibrahim Afolabi, 39, said to be a mechanic to the Police Chief was also suffered similar fate for the same offence . The Court  also sentenced  seven other  persons, Solomon Ayodele Obamoyegun 39, Femi Omiawe 40, Damilola Obamoyegun 20,Bose Sade Ajayi 30, George Lucky 35, Chukwuma Nnamani 22, and Sunday Ogunleye 45 to 5 years imprisonment each without an option of fine for kidnapping. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! In their testimony, the investigating police officers said, the car was tracked in the compound of ACP Akubo Aboye , who on interrogation confessed that he bought the Hilux Van from his mechanic who received it from the kidnappers. The offence runs contrary to sections 346(2), 1(2)a, and section 5 of the Criminal Code Cap C16 laws of Ekiti State, 2012 and Robbery and firearms special provisions Act, Cap R11, laws of the federation of Nigeria, 2004. Agent In Court For Allegedly Defrauding Client Of N2.2m Police Arraign 2 Over Alleged Gang Fight, Breach Of Peace In his judgement, the Justice John Adeyeye found the two accused  persons guilty and sentenced them to life imprisonment accordingly. To prove the kidnapping case, the prosecutor, Felix Awoniyi called 7 witnesses while exhibit tendered include statements of the accused persons and bond to release van to the owner. According to the charge, the offence was committed on or about 9th -19th day of May, 2005 at GRA, Ado Ekiti, when the 1st -7th accused, armed with guns to kidnap one  Moses Ajogri 40 and robbed him of his  Toyota  Hilux Van with  Reg. No. APP 509 BK. The  Nine accused persons spoke in their own defence through their counsels who promised to study the verdict and take necessary step. Delivering the judgment, Justice John Adeyeye said, “Kidnapping people for ransom is very rampart in not only the state but in Nigeria as a whole. “The court will be failing in its duty to protect the members of the society if adequate punishment is not given to the accused persons.”