Ibadan- A yet to be identified man has been set ablaze for allegedly stealing around Leventis, Mokola Area of Ibadan. The development according to an eyewitness was said to have happened when some mob launched the attack and set ablaze a man around Leventist Area of Ibadan on Thursday, in Ibadan for stealing. Confirming the incident through a Phone call, the Police Public Relations Officer in Oyo State, CSP Olugbenga Fadeyi, “There was a mob action on a guy who was alleged of stealing and later set ablaze before the arrival of the Police. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Fadeyi said, “Immediately i got wind of the information, I called the DPO in charge of the area and before his arrival the man has been set ablaze.” “I will get back to you on the update of what actually happened,” Fadeyi said. Invalid Driver’s Licence: Soldiers Beat Up VIO Personnel For Impounding Senior Colleague Vehicle Fashola Reassures Public On Speedy Completion Of Third Mainland Bridge, Feb. 15 Reopening In a similar situation, an Okada man identified as Tosin was reportedly killed by a stray bullet from the officer of Amotekun operatives at about 11pm on Wednesday night around Mokola area of Ibadan. Independent gathered that Amotekun operatives, while on patrol around Mokola on Wednesday night allegedly shot to the air, which eventually killed the deceased. According to an eyewitness who gave account of the event, said that the deceased was rushed to the hospital for treatment and later died in the early hours of Thursday. The witness maintained that the deceased, who was an okada man was reportedly walking on the street before he was hit by a stray bullet. The development was later generated to a protest on Thursday morning by members motorcycle operators as regards the killing. The protesters were seen carrying the corpse of deceased around before putting in the middle of the road. The development, however, caused serious traffic gridlock around Mokola roundabout while shops owners hurriedly closed their shops for safety. In his reaction to the development, the State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), CSP Olugbenga Fadeyi, confirmed the incident saying that there was a report he received around 9:10am on Thursday from one Alamu Timothy at Mokola Police, said that a 21 year old Tosin Thomas of Ode-Olo area, Ibadan was hit by bullet fired by Amotekun operatives around Mokola, Total filing station at about 11:30 pm while going home. The State Police Scribe maintained that the victim was rushed to University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan for immediate medical attention and was later confirmed dead. CSP. Fadeyi however, maintained that investigation had commenced into the matter and further development shall unfold. While reacting through a press statement, the Amotekun Commandant, Colonel Olayanju Olayinka (rtd.), confirmed the incident, however, revealed that the action was in self defense. He said, “As it turned out, one of Amotekun members, by the name Afolabi Kazeem, who felt sufficiently threatened by the crowd, which included some hoodlums armed with cutlasses and other dangerous weapons, opened fire to supposedly scare away the crowd.” Unfortunately, his shot hit one Mr Tosin Thomas, 23, who was subsequently confirmed dead. “The Corps has found that Afolabi Kazeem with Ammunition Number AM031849 acted outside the Amotekun Corps’ protocols.” “For this reason, he has been summarily dismissed from the Corps and handed over to the police for prosecution. Also, his Team leader, George Idowu, is being thoroughly investigated and will face all necessary sanctions. “We want to reassure members of the public of our internal mechanisms for dealing with erring officers. We will continue to train and retrain our officers on best practices and rules of engagement.” “The Corps deeply regrets the loss to the Thomas family, and we are already in touch with the family.”