The Nigeria Amputee Football Federation (NAFF) players’ representative, Ugochukwu Obieze on Tuesday, says that dearth of activities in the last one year has affected players’ commitment to soccer. Obieze told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos, that most amputee footballers had taken to other ventures due to lack of visible event because of the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown. He said that only few players turned out at the training venue behind Stadium Hotel, Surulere, usually held under the supervision of NAFF national coach and assistant. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Life and activities are no longer the same for amputee football and players in the last one year, even the three times weekly training that brings us together is affected. “The situation has compelled us to be doing jobs, giving little or no time to our main career because we have families and must provide needs for them. WAFU U17: Hosts Togo Disqualified COVID-19 Forces NWFL To Postpones Matches “Some have gone back fully into artisan jobs, commercial tricycle operations, bus conductor and small scale business, although I don’t really blame them because it’s better than begging,” Obieze said. The NAFF representative, however applauded government, individuals and organisations that distributed palliatives to them during the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown in Lagos, saying they were helpful. Obieze, the longest serving player of the national team, assured amputee footballers of better days, adding that training was basic and would sustain them in their career as well as help them keep fit. “We still appreciate those that are taking our welfare to heart in and out of the season,” he said. Obieze warned that keeping away from training completely was dangerous and detrimental to their football career, saying “it’s like taking a fish out of water”. He urged all the players to keep faith and hope alive by going for training. (NAN)