Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has echoed Jurgen Klopp’s praise of Liverpool’s makeshift defensive pairing of Fabinho and Jordan Henderson. Both players are natural midfielders but combined in central defence for the visit of Manchester United, with Liverpool’s three senior centre-backs all injured. Many expected the likes of Bruno Fernandes and Marcus Rashford would cause the two stand-in options plenty of problems, especially on the counter-attack. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! But Fabinho and Henderson’s positional work and reading of the game helped limit United’s effectiveness going forward during the 0-0 draw. Klopp spoke of his delight at the duo’s clean sheet as he was quizzed on whether they are as good as a conventional centre-back pairing. Messi Expected To Miss At Least 4 Games Due To Suspension Koeman Defends Messi After Late Red Card He told BBC Sport : “Yeah, and football-wise probably better. So look, the way we played in the first half it was really flexible and you have two midfielders in the last line so that helps in football moments. “I’m really happy with how we did it, that was good, absolutely good. But in the end we had to be good to get a point. “I think we were good enough to get all three but we didn’t because we didn’t score.” United had the game’s two clear-cut chances late on, with Bruno Fernandes and Paul Pogba forcing good saves from Alisson. But for the majority of the match they were kept at arm’s length by their hosts and Solskjaer was just as impressed as Klopp by Henderson and Fabinho. “Fair play to them – with two central midfielders at the back and to defend as well as they did shows their quality,” the Red Devils boss told BBC Sport . Fabinho has spent the majority of the first half of the season filling in at centre-back following long-term injuries to Virgil van Dijk and Joe Gomez. It is hoped Joel Matip may return for the visit of Burnley on Thursday, meaning Henderson can return to a natural midfield role.