President-elect Joe Biden is soon to be president-elect no longer; indeed, as of January 20, he will be sworn in as the 46th president of the United States. But there’s an incredible amount of tension surrounding the Trump Administration right now for a few reasons, serving as something of a distraction to Biden’s imminent promotion. In the months before Congress certified Biden’s win, Trump repeatedly expressed his lack of trust in the election results (via Yahoo!). While Trump has recently stated that he does concede, some experts predict it might be too little too late (via CNBC). The largest source of anxiety at the moment — the colossal elephant in the room — is most certainly the recent attack on the U.S. Capitol. Though Trump told reporters that he thought the speech he gave supporters before the riot was “totally appropriate,” the House of Representatives is still pushing to impeach him (via Business Insider). All of this to stay? It wasn’t much of a surprise when Trump announced he wasn’t planning on attending Biden’s inauguration. Right before his personal Twitter account was permanently revoked, Trump tweeted, “To all of those who have asked, I will not be going to the Inauguration on January 20th.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Unfortunately for Trump, the same can’t be said for some other family members. Reports say that Trump’s eldest daughter, Ivanka Trump, plans on attending the inauguration. A source told The Daily Mail that her decision to attend the event comes from a desire to progress her own political career. “Ivanka is worried that her promising political career is in jeopardy and she’s doing whatever she can to save her reputation,” the source said, adding that Trump believes the decision to attend the inauguration will be perceived as her, “being a good sport and will gain future supporters.” Joe Biden Names Former Ambassador To UN As International Development Boss China To Expand COVID-19 Vaccination To Include Old People Over 60 While her role as the daughter of the President might have seemed to overshadow her own personal accomplishments, Ivanka Trump did have quite a successful career prior to moving to D.C. She became a businesswoman upon her graduation from Wharton, (via The Daily Pennsylvania) and held a variety of top positions in well-established companies. She eventually began making semi-regular appearances on The Apprentice — but before she knew it, she was catapulted into politics (via Business Insider). The president is allegedly incredibly upset by the news of Ivanka Trump’s decision to attend the inauguration. A source claims that Donald Trump has been pushing the importance of his family staying a united front, telling The Daily Mail that “[Trump] said it’s an insult that she would even want to engage with the crooks that are trying to bring him down.” The source added, “The president told his daughter that her presence at the inauguration will cost her thousands of supporters and would be the worst decision she could ever make.” It’s not just the president who would rather his daughter skip the January 20 celebrations; many believe Ivanka Trump’s current role doesn’t warrant an Inauguration ticket. One Twitter user complained, “Ivanka Trump is not a federal employee. She’s only a presidential adviser, with no claim to a seat at the Inauguration for her role.” Others assert that Trump has rightfully earned her political career, with one supporter saying “she really has done some great things during these last 4 years. Ivanka is her own person and I think it’s great that she is attending the inauguration. It’s the right thing to do and I applaud her for it.” One of the biggest reasons that people want her banned from the event is the comments she made in light of the recent violence at the Capitol, in which she called the rioters “American Patriots” in a now-deleted tweet (via The Hill). People also criticized Trump for supporting her father’s decisions throughout his presidency — or at the very least, doing little to stop them (via International Business Times). Despite her diplomatic decision to attend the inauguration of the man who is pushing her father out of the White House, many Twitter users strongly believe that she shouldn’t be allowed to make an appearance. “Hear me out on this: don’t let Ivanka attend the Inauguration. Period,” tweeted activist and writer Charlotte Clymer. Another user joked, “I’m amazed that she thinks she’s invited.”