YOLA- Senator Abdulaziz Murtala Nyako has noted that only justice will restore the dignity and winning streak of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Adamawa State. Nyako who made the position during a national stakeholders press conference at the party secretariat Saturday, said injustice was responsible for the downfall of the party in the state. Nyako who said he has forgiven all those who in one way or the other wronged him in the past, noted that, for the party to regain its vitality, all other stakeholders who were wronged in one way or the other, must also forgive and start on a clean slate. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “I came here with a clean and fresh mind as I bore no grudges against anyone here. I have forgiven what happened in the past and I urged all to adopt such posture”, he said. Drawing from his experience as a soldier, the senator said the essence of fighting a war is to bring peace, noting that if at the end of war peace does not prevail, the essence of fighting the war is defeated. Buni Commends Military For Repelling Gujba Attack How Prepared Is South East For 2023 Presidency? “If you fight a war and you don’t bring peace, you have lost the war. So after all the challenges, we now believe there will be peace in the party,” he said. Nyako added that before the ADC structure was collapsed into the APC, he made wide consultations with various stakeholders including the national leadership of the party, Malam Nuhu Ribadu, Senator Binani and host of other party stakeholders who promised to ensure the enthronement of justice and fair play in the party. “The only condition we gave before coming back into the party is that there will be justice for all and I’m satisfied that justice will be done to all.” “Let us go into massive registration drive and ensure that we give only people with the capacity to deliver results, critical responsibilities,” he said. During the meeting, Professor Tahir Mamman, the North East vice chairman caretaker/extraordinary convention planning committee thanked all the stakeholders especially senator Nyako for the milestones being recorded in the party. “You will recall that the leadership and members of ADC, Adamawa chapter in December 2019 resolved to rejoin the APC, a party they were part and parcel of from foundation.” “This decision followed extensive consultations with leaders and members down to the ward and local government levels. Similar consultations also held within and with the APC leadership. The members and leaders are exceedingly happy with this re-union, as it has strengthened the base and capacity of the APC.” “This agreement was sealed in December 2020. A ceremony was fixed for today 9th January, 2021 to witness the final phase of the reunion. For all these, I must thank and commend the sagacity and wisdom of the political leaders of former ADC, distinguished Sen. Abdulazeez Nyako, Umaru Mijinyawa Kugama and Hon. Yaya Hammanjulde”, he said.