By May 14, 2021, Leah Sharibu, the lone Dapchi School girl would be “celebrating” her fourth birthday and by Feb 19th, 2021, she will mark her “third anniversary”, all in Boko Haram captivity if she is neither released nor rescued before then. She was among the one hundred and ten (110) girls abducted from government Science Secondary School, Dapchi, Yobe State on February 19, 2018. Being abducted at all is enough traumatic experience and remaining in that captivity because of her faith for all of three years and still counting, is even more traumatic and debilitating to think of. It is of note that, as soon as the girls were abducted, Federal government had gone into negotiation with the Islamic fighters on possible ways of releasing them. About a month later, one hundred and nine (109) of the hundred and ten (110) girls were released, leaving only Leah in captivity. The information was that she was withheld by the sect because of her refusal to renounce her Christian faith. Since then, all efforts to secure her release both by federal government and international concerned groups have not yielded result. For the parent, it could only be imagined how depressing and traumatic it has been this nearly three years to live with the harrowing experience and unsure thought of whether your child is dead or still alive. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! However, in a twist of irony, an aid worker who was kidnapped by the same Boko Haram terrorists in July 2019, claimed that Leah, alongside one other captive, had been killed by the terrorists as a result of federal government’s failure to do the “needful”. The claim was made in a short video released by the Islamic sect. It would be an understatement to say that this news further depressed the parent and sent shock wave across the world community which had hoped that she would be released or rescued someday. This in itself questioned the federal government’s acclaimed efforts and sincerity in rescuing or getting her released. However, not long after that, various reports came out to express doubt about the authenticity of the death video and the veracity of the claimant. This was followed by Federal government’s position which described the news of the teenager’s death as “absolute fake” and urged Leah’s family and the general public to discountenance the news, adding that Federal government was still committed to ensuring the safe release of the girl. Optimising The N675 Billion Vote For Arms, Training Of Soldiers The Crushing Debt Servicing Burden Then followed a report that Leah had eventually accepted Islam and had been delivered of a baby boy, having been married out to one of the sect’s commanders. It must be noted that the Federal government’s avowed commitment to bring back Leah Sharibu alive to the embrace of the family and friends seems to be waning by the day. The enthusiasm seems to be lacking in momentum. Not much mention of her name and the need to rescue or get her released have been made in recent times. Even the civil society advocacy group, the “bring back our girls” coalition activities which debuted in 2014, has since gone to sleep. These have raised a question as to whether the FG and civil society groups have decided to abandon Leah Sharibu to her fate. On Boko Haram part, the decision to retain only Leah out of the 110 girls initially abducted from the school because of her Christian faith, confirms the popular notion that it is indeed fighting a religious war. Out of frustration, it was reported last year that, the parent of Leah Sharibu had even agreed to accept a Boko Haram in-law provided the child was released to them live. It is difficult to understand the obsession for abduction of under aged school boys and girls by Boko Haram. In 2014, a total of 276 girls were abducted from government Girl’s secondary school, Chibok, Borno State. After series of releases, over one hundred girls are still in firm grip of Boko Haram. In 2018, 110 girls which included Leah Sharibu were equally abducted from Government Science Sec School, Dapchi, Yobe State. And most recently, about 344 school boys were abducted and released few weeks after in Kankara, Katsina State, by either the bandits or Boko Haram. Owing to several unfulfilled promises, the parent of Leah Sharibu have expressed their disbelief on FG’s continuous “assurance” that it was still committed to effecting the release or rescue of the girl and reuniting her with her family. Their pains and frustrations can only be imagined than told. According to the spokesperson of the family, “it is impossible for any parent to keep hearing different hurtful reports about their daughter and not become heartbroken. It is even more traumatic to hear that she had been forced into motherhood in captivity”. It is our view that federal government should review its avowed commitment and strategy at ensuring a safe release or rescue of Leah Sharibu. The local and international coalition must not relent in its efforts at mounting pressure on the government to actualise this effort. Leah Sharibu must not be abandoned to her fate. She surely does not deserve this experience.