LAGOS  – The Lagos State Government said it is looking towards a combination of bond issuance, external and internal loans to fund the N192.49 billion budget deficit for the year 2021. Mr Sam Egube, Lagos State Commissioner for Economic Planning and Budget, while speaking at the facts-behind-the-figures presentation in Lagos, said this will fund critical infrastructure and development projects. Egube, while responding to a question on if the state is planning to have a separate Gross Domestic Products (GDP) reading, said the state, in conjunction with the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) are working together to actualise this. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “We are working on it with the NBS and very soon we will have our own GDP reading”, Egube added. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, governor of Lagos, signed the 2021 N1.16 billion Appropriation Bill into law on December 31, 2020. Analysts Decry Planned Takeover Of Dormant Accounts, Unclaimed Dividends Access Bank Announces Revised Customer Complaint Channels Sanwo-Olu, speaking at the signing of the bill stated that with the passage, “We will continue our work of rebuilding Lagos, advancing economic growth, and expanding opportunities for Lagosians to flourish despite the economic challenges caused by the coronavirus.” His words: “However, we are fortunate to be going into the New Year, with an already passed budget, which will help to expedite our recovery process. A significant portion of the budget has been committed to human capital development, youth engagement, social intervention initiatives, and the completion of ongoing projects that are critical to achieving the objectives of our THEMES agenda. “I promise Lagosians that the 2021 Budget will rekindle hope, deliver substantial economic growth, and bolster our efforts to rebuild Lagos. We will make tough choices where necessary and seize opportunities as needed while ensuring that no Lagosian is left behind. “With the enormous challenges of the outgoing year, we are conscious of the fact that to efficiently and successfully implement the 2021 Budget, we must be selfless and dedicated.’’ The Commissioner of Finance, Dr. Rabiu Olowo, said that N52 billion will be borrowed externally while N41 billion will be borrowed domestically. According to him, the Lagos State debt charge was N31bn, while debt repayment was N158 billion. The N1.16 billion budget has a deficit of N192.49 billion, N92.49 billion of which to be funded by both internal and external loans. Providing insight into the 2021 budget highlights, Egube said the total estimate was 1.164trn and would be funded from a total revenue estimate of N971.02bn, comprised of the following: Internally Generated Revenue: N723.81 billion Capital Receipts: N71.81 billion Federal Transfer: N175.4 billion According to the budget breakdown, N702.93 billion would be allocated to capital expenditure and N460.58bn would be deployed for recurrent expenditure. This means the ratio for the 2021 budget is 60 per cent capital and 40 per cent recurrent showing that Lagos is maintaining focus on developing its infrastructure and invests in human capital development, to drive a 21st-century economy. Listing areas of priorities, Egube said the budget was carefully tailored to achieve the governor’s Greater Lagos’ vision, as espoused in the T.H.E.M.E.S (acronyms for Traffic Management and Transportation, Health and Environment, Education and Technology, Making Lagos a 21 ST Economy, Entertainment and Tourism and Governance and Security) Developmental Agenda. According to him, the sectoral allocations are provided as follows, Roads and Other Infrastructures got a budgetary provision of N150.753bn for the maintenance of roads and other infrastructures within the state. According to him, the increase shall address the zero-pothole strategy; create link-roads within the metropolis and to resolve traffic congestion and its attendant risks. He added that the provision will cater for the under listed among others, N15 billion for ‘The Rebuild Lagos’ project/trust fund, N11 billion for Reconstruction of lekki-Epe Expressway from Eleko junction to Epe T-junction (phase one), N8.750 billion for Lekki Regional Roads. Others include N19.500 billion under Project Stabilisation Fund to intervene on various projects across the state, N10 billion under the State Infrastructure Intervention Fund to also intervene on Roads within Local Government and LCDAs. ‘’The total sum of N13.115 billion has been earmarked for construction/completion of Agege Pen Cinema Flyover, Oregun Bridge Road Network, Agric Isawo Road, Bola Ahmed Tinubu Road, Igbogbo, Ijede Road and Mba Cardoso Road. ‘’N5.9bn will be spent on Lagos Badagry Expressway, while the sum of N8.5 billion has been set aside under Community/Grassroots Projects for various projects.’’ The commissioner further explained that, “On development of infrastructure along the coastline, we have a provision of N8.842 billion that has been earmarked to enhance our coastal infrastructure in order to curb the ocean surge and protect lives and properties. “In Traffic Management/Transportation, a total sum of N72.930 billion was budgeted under the Transportation family for the following projects: Blue and Red rail lines; Junction improvement all around the state; completion of trailer parks in the State; development of quality bus corridors amongst others. Science and Technology got the sum of N23.502 billion for building & upgrading of IT Infrastructure Statewide, e-GIS Land automation system, Single Billing system and ease of tax payment, Levies and Other Revenue enhancement initiatives. Egube said: ‘’The Smart City project is targeted at deploying about 2000 intelligent cameras in strategic locations around Lagos and leverage technology to enhance security and traffic management in the State and will also enhance our revenue generating efforts. This administration will in addition deliver a 3000km metro-broadband fiber infrastructure around the state through an ongoing PPP initiative. ‘’On health, a total sum of N105.988 billion (as against a total sum of N111.775bn in Y2020) was provided for the continuous upgrading/ renovation of health facilities and completion of on-going healthcare infrastructure, including Maternal and Child Care Centres (MCCs); and the continued implementation of our health insurance scheme. “This represents over 23 per cent increased provision for the health sector, thereby demonstrating the administration’s determination to ensure access to health care. ‘’Some of the Major projects planned include: The completion and equipping of the New Massey Children Hospital, General Hospital, Ojo, Construction of Infectious Disease Research Center, Yaba, Upgrading of e-Health Platform for Health Insurance, Rehabilitation & Upgrading of General Hospital, Lagos and Construction of the Oncology Center at Gbagada.’’