Uyo- Following a recent strike action, Governor Udom Emmanuel has pledged to  immediately address the lingering issue of salary arrears for staff of the Akwa Ibom state University.  In a resolution issued at the end of a meeting with officials of the state government, labour leaders and management of the university, Governor  Emmanuel agreed to pay three out of eleven months backlog of 25% salary arrears to staff of the university. Represented at the meeting by the Chief of staff to the Governor, Akparawa Ephraim Inyang-Eyen, the Head of Civil Service, Elder Effiong Essien, the state government assured that the outstanding arrears of eight months will, be paid subsequently in batches of three months each. Other resolutions made  include full payment of salary from January, 2021 as well as the constitution of a visitation panel to resolve all outstanding issues in the University by the visitor to the University. Speaking with newsmen shortly after the meeting, the State Chairman of Nigeria Labour Congress, Comrade Sunny James said the government has agreed to pay 75 percent of their salary from January to December 2020 except the month of March, which workers had received full minimum wage. The Labour leader said the government would commence the process of payment of the new minimum wage in full from January 2021 and the arrears of the 25 percent outstanding for the 11 months would be paid in batches. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “The arrears of their 25 percent outstanding for the 11 months would be paid in batches of three months each,” he said  He hinted that the first three months of 25 percent would be paid by Friday this week if the school gives the government the “total exposure” of the amount, adding that if pay surpasses the due date, ASUU should be blamed.  James said that Gov. Udom Emmanuel  has instituted an investigation panel to put together all the leave grants owed the school including all the labour issues and report back to him within one month. On his part,  ASUU  Chairman of the University, Dr Ime Okop, confirmed the meeting with the state government, but however said he could not declare that the strike suspended. Okop said that issues surrounding the suspension of the strike would be made known after the congress of the union today Tuesday, January 5th, 2021. “Yes, we had a meeting with the State Government yesterday. But we have to go back and meet with our members in the congress and convey the information and an agreement we made and thereafter we can say it is suspended or not.As an individual, I cannot say that the strike is suspended or not,” he said.