ABUJA – Integrity appears to have lost rele­vance at the Police Service Com­mission(PSC), sequel to widespread allegations of corruption over the recent promotions of senior police of­ficers. Investigations by Crime Tracker reveal that several aggrieved officers are threatening to spill the beans if the alleged lopsided promotion is not rectified by the chairman of PSC, Re­tired Inspector-General of Police (IGP) Musiliu Smith. Someof themwhoclaimedtobevic­tims of the lopsided promotion, spoke understrictanonymityto CrimeTrack­er that, “if the chairman who claimed to be Mr. Integrity failed to rectify the anomalies, some of us will openly pro­test.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Discrete investigations further re­vealedthatanofficerinForceHeadquar­ters,(FHQ) Abujawhowaspromotedin 2017toDeputySuperintendentof Police (DSP) has been further lifted to become Superintendent of Police (SP) in the last promotion of December 2020. His senior colleague, who was pro­moted in 2016 as a DSP was ignored and not promoted to SP in the recent exer­cise. Yet, itwastestifiedthatthemanhas no stain in his records. Court Admits Public Servant To N2m Bail For Alleged Forgery, Land Grabbing Security Forces Rescue 103 Kidnapped Victims In Katsina State, Says Masari Some of the aggrieved officers who claimed that they submitted their An­nual Performance Evaluation Report (APER) for 2017, 2018 and 2019 to the Commission were also not promoted. Another suspicious case is that of one star Assistant Superintendent of Police (unconfirmed ASP) serving in Lagos State police command, who was said to have not attended promotional coursebutwaspromoted aDSPwithout confirming his one star ASP rank. This allegedlopsidedpromotionimpliesthat the officer did not wear two star ASP rank before wearing three star DSP rank. The PSC chairman in 2018 warned that only officers who have attended pro­motional courses or examinations and have passed such examinations would be promoted. Several officers thumped up for him calling him Mr. Integrity, for ensuring that theeraof money for rankswas over. Controversy trailing the lopsided promotion came to light when on the 19th of December, 2020, the Police Ser­vice Commission announced the pro­motion of 29 Assistant Commissioners of Police(ACP) tothenextrankof DCPs out of 46 ACPs, due for promotion, who were last promoted (to ACP) in Septem­ber, 2016. Meanwhile, Ohaneze Ndigbo has raised an alarm that the SouthEast re­gionwasmarginalised intheDecember 2020 promotion. Spokesman of the PSC Ikechukwu Anipromptly rasp on ded in a press state­ ment that promotion of officers other than that of Deputy Inspector-General of Police (DIGs) is not done on geo-polit­ical consideration.