ABUJA – The National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) has announced the resumption of normal enrolment services for the National Identification Number (NIN) in its offices nationwide. The commission stated that the disruption caused by the plan strike action by the Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria (ASCSN) have been sorted out. In a statement issued by the, Head, Corporate Communications , Kayode Adegoke on friday said the Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali (Pantami), has intervened in the matter and assured the workers of looking into their grievances. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He noted that the Minister advised the workers  to empathise with Nigerians especially at this time that linkage of the NIN with the Subscriber Identification Module (SIM) cards was ongoing for the security of lives and property in the country. According to the statement ” The National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) is glad to inform the general public that normal enrolment services for the National Identification Number (NIN) have been fully restored at all NIMC offices nationwide as the glitches experienced since January 6, 2021 have been sorted out. “Enrolment services were temporarily disrupted when the local chapter of the Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria (ASCSN) of NIMC embarked on an industrial action on Wednesday, January 6, 2021 immediately after their congress. “However, the Honourable Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, Dr. Isa Ali (Pantami), who promptly intervened in the matter, has assured the workers of looking into their grievances and advised them to empathise with Nigerians especially at this time that linkage of the NIN with the Subscriber Identification Module (SIM) cards is ongoing for the security of lives and property in the country. “While thanking Nigerians for their understanding in the face of the challenges posed by the two-day hiatus in enrolment, Director-General of NIMC, Engr. Aliyu Aziz, stressed his Management’s avowed pursuit of the welfare, health and safety of all staff of the Commission. “Engr. Aziz enjoined staff to go about their normal duties while fully observing the COVID-19 protocols as they enrol Nigerians and other eligible individuals. Ohaneze Ndigbo’s Election: Umahi Free To Support Candidate Of His Choice — Commissioner People living with NCDs want FG to prioritise them in COVID-19 vaccinations –NCD Alliance “He also gave the assurance that more Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) would be made available to staff, in addition to those already donated by the World Bank which had since been distributed to all NIMC offices nationwide “