IBADAN- The Commandant of the Oyo State Security Network Agency, also known as Amotekun, Colonel Olayanju Olayinka (rtd.) said that Afolabi Kazeem with Ammunition Number AM031849 who killed one Mr. Tosin Thomas on Wednesday, in Ibadan has been dismissed. Colonel Olayinka in a release he personally signed and made available to newsmen in Ibadan on Thursday, added that “the erring corp has been handed over to the police for prosecution, while his Team leader, George Idowu, is being thoroughly investigated and will face all necessary sanctions.” It could be recalled stray bullet fired by an Amotekun Operative killed one Tosin Thomas at Mokola area of Ibadan on Wednesday. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Narrating the incident that led to the killing of Thomas, Colonel Olayinka said “at about 10 PM on Wednesday, January 13, 2021, Operatives of Amotekun, led by Team Leader George Idowu, got an alert of a purported armed robbery operation at Total Filling Station, Mokola, Ibadan.” “Following the distress call, the Team Leader and his team of seven members arrived at the scene.” Invalid Driver’s Licence: Soldiers Beat Up VIO Personnel For Impounding Senior Colleague Vehicle Fashola Reassures Public On Speedy Completion Of Third Mainland Bridge, Feb. 15 Reopening “On arrival at the scene of the alleged crime, it turned out that it was not an armed robbery operation, though a crowd had gathered.” “The Team Leader, sensing no immediate danger to anyone at the scene immediately proceeded to speak with the station manager. While he was with the manager, he heard a gunshot.” “As it turned out, one of his team members, by the name Afolabi Kazeem, who felt sufficiently threatened by the crowd, which included some hoodlums armed with cutlasses and other dangerous weapons, opened fire to supposedly scare away the crowd. Unfortunately, his shot hit one Mr. Tosin Thomas, 23, who was subsequently confirmed dead.” “For this reason, he has been summarily dismissed from the Corps and handed over to the police for prosecution. Also, his Team leader, George Idowu, is being thoroughly investigated and will face all necessary sanctions.” He reassured members of the public of the Corps’ internal mechanisms for dealing with erring officers, adding that “We will continue to train and retrain our officers on best practices and rules of engagement.”