LAGOS – While the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) seems to be determined to zone its presidential ticket to the Southern part of the country in the 2023 general elections, the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) appears not to be in that league. In a recent interview, a chieftain of the APC, Chief Olusegun Osoba, explained that during the formation of the APC in 2013, there was a courteous agreement that the presidency will rotate between the north and south. According to Osoba, “I was the chairman of the constitution drafting committee of the All Progressives Congress (APC) merger. We of the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN) were the dominant group from the South and the South West is the home and the root of progressive politicking. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Part of the understanding in the case of rotation is a conventional understanding that the presidency will move between the north and the south. That was the reason why we allowed the chairman… I don’t want to use the word zoning because we definitely didn’t put zoning in our constitution because we know it may go into conflict with the Nigerian Constitution which says that anybody who is a Nigerian, who has read up to school cert can contest for the presidency. “But there was a clear gentlemanly understanding that the northern part of the country would produce the president when we did the merger in 2013 and the chairman of the party would then come from the south. COVID-19: Sanwo-Olu Extends Work From Home Order To Feb. 1 FG To Engage 21,000 Kebbi Youths In Public Works Programme, Says Malami “We have had a president for six and a half years now from the north in the APC. The president will be there until 2023. The chairmanship has moved from Chief Bisi Akande from the South West to John Oyegun from the South South and to Adams Oshiomhole also from the South South. “Of course, at the end of the tenure of President Muhammadu Buhari, the gentlemanly agreement is that the presidency will come to the south. And I talk of the south in terms of the two countries or territories that were forced to amalgamate in 1914, which means the South South, South East and the South West, which are also not in the Constitution, can bid and should be allowed to produce the next president for this country. “Therefore, those from the South East, those from the South South, and those from the South West can put up candidates for the party’s primary and whoever emerges from the primary can then be the candidate of our party, that is the gentlemanly understanding that we reached when we were doing the merger arrangement.” However, the PDP believes that the time to speak about zoning is not now as its National Publicity Secretary, Kola Ologbondiyan, said on Wednesday, that the party would take a decision on the issue of zoning of the presidential election at the fullness of time. Ologbondiyan, who spoke while appearing on a live television programme said the ongoing discussion on the zoning of the 2023 presidential ticket in the APC, is “an indication of President Muhammadu Buhari’s failure.” The PDP chieftain insisted that some chieftains of the ruling party who worked towards Buhari’s emergence are afraid that the party’s agreement won’t be reached. According to Ologbondiyan, “There are conversations in the APC over where to choose their next candidate from, I am aware. But we must also not lose understanding of this conversation. “It is because those who worked to bring President Buhari to power and having seen the failures that are attached to the governance of President Muhammadu Buhari and all the failed promises that were made and cannot be actualised are already afraid that perhaps the same thing will happen to their agreement. “For us in the People’s Democratic Party, we have our party organs that will take decisions based on the conversations that will arise within our own political party. “When the time comes, at the fullness of that time our party will take its zoning decision, but as we speak, allow the APC to be fighting in the market place over whether they had an agreement or not. The PDP will not allow itself to be dragged into their own infighting.” At different fora, the PDP had maintained that it will not be drawn to the politics of zoning its 2023 presidential ticket. National Chairman of the party, Uche Secondus, at a media parley with journalists in Abuja last month, said the decision on zoning the 2023 presidential ticket will not be taken until the committee set up to review the party’s performance in the 2019 general elections submit its report. According to Secondus, zoning of the presidential ticket takes backstage considering the state of insecurity in the country. He said: “I stand by my position that the Governor Bala-led committee is still working, they are coming out with a report on why we lost and by the time they finish, we will take decisions and the decision is not for the National Working Committee but for the entirety of our party. “I believe that whoever is interested in the 2023 election, including the former President, the chances are there, because the PDP is a party of all. Everybody will have that opportunity but in clear terms, we have not taken any decision to give anybody the ticket for now.” Meanwhile, there are concerns from some stakeholders within the opposition party, as they believe that the party’s leadership is not displaying enough sincerity on the issue of zoning. Governor of Ebonyi, Dave Umahi, who left the PDP recently, disclosed that he dumped the party as a protest against the injustice being done to the South East zone by the PDP. According to him, “Since 1999, the people of the South East have been supporting the PDP in all elections; and at a time, all the five states in the zone were all PDP. “More so,  one of the founding fathers of the PDP, His Excellency, the late Vice President, Alex Ekwueme, is from the South East.  As a result, it is absurd that since 1998 and going to 2023, the South East zone has never been considered to run for the President under the PDP. It is absurd. This is my position and will continue to be my position. It has nothing to do with me.” Gabriel Suswan, Senator representing Benue North East Senatorial District, recently told a national newspaper that the PDP would still zone the office of the President to the North in 2023. The former governor said, “Of course, the PDP will maintain zoning. We have not realised it, so the zoning still remains in the North in the PDP. “In PDP, we zoned the Presidency to the North and have we realised it? No. So, the zoning still remains in the North for 2023.” Reacting to Suswan’s comment, a top chieftain of the party in Lagos, who pleaded anonymity, said, “As much as we are aware that the PDP hasn’t adopted any official zoning formula yet, it is instructive that the senator was not circumspect. He spoke like a prophet with an air of finality. And his words, as a founding member of the PDP, a former two-term governor and now a Senator, carry a lot of weight. “Besides, PDP is a party that thrives on cliques; and it has often blundered from misfortune to misfortune due to bad choices imposed on it by such cliques or cabals. “If he says because the party has not realised its ambition, it will perpetually continue to zone the ticket to the North, that means if in 20 years, we still don’t achieve it, we will maintain it? No, it shouldn’t be. Why can’t we try and zone it elsewhere and see what happens? “You will recall the imposition of Ali Modu Sheriff on the party by just two governors of the PDP and how the party was plagued and nearly wrecked by crisis for two years until the Abubakar Maikarfi/Ben Obi Committee and the likes of Senator Ike Ekweremadu and the governors rallied to rescue the party. “These cliques are alive and well; and they are dragging and digging into the soul of the party, never giving a damn about the common interest or preponderances. “It appears history is about repeating itself. Otherwise, what is the rationale behind the claim that the PDP was bound to zone the President to the North in 2023? It is preposterous for Suswan to feign ignorance of the dynamics that informed the zoning of the presidential ticket to the North in 2019. “That decision was sequel to the recommendation of the Ekweremadu Committee (PDP Post-Election Review Committee), which unraveled the reasons behind PDP’s epic loss of power in 2015. “It established that the North voted against PDP and Jonathan, not necessarily for Buhari. It was also reasoned that President Buhari, who hails from the North, would have done only four years by 2019, hence it was in PDP’s interest to have a fellow northerner square up against him. “The understanding was that against APC’s propaganda to Ndigbo that their party was the South East’s shortest route to the presidency since Buhari would not be seeking reelection after a second term, PDP would also tell Ndigbo that its presidential candidate would only do one term. “Again, the Ekweremadu Committee reasoned that a 2019 northern presidential ticket would help lure back northern political heavy weights like Bukola Saraki, Atiku Abubakar, Rabiu Kwakwanso, Aminu Tambuwal, Yakubu Dogara that had left the party. And it worked. “Therefore, Suswan’s logic is warped and embarrassing to say the least, especially when he knows that the dynamics that informed the 2019 zoning have absolutely changed. Besides, the Ekweremadu Committee was specific that its recommended zoning formula was for the 2019 general elections. What is difficult to understand here? Let it be clear, power has resided in the North for two straight terms and has to move South, specifically to South East, in the spirit of rotation and zoning, which has been the practice since 1999.” Meanwhile, Nyesom Wike, governor of Rivers State, in his reaction to the comment made by Secondus that decision on zoning will not be taken anytime soon and that presidential ticket would be open to all party members, tackled the party chairman, saying the chances of the PDP reclaiming the presidency in 2023 are being threatened under the national working committee he (Secondus) leads. Wike, who played a significant role in the emergence of Secondus, accused the party’s NWC of “sowing the seed of discord” among governors in the party and barely showing interest in the next presidential election. Wike, who made the accusation during a television programme in Port Harcourt, said, “PDP ought to have harvested from the inefficiency of the APC; from the maladministration of the APC. Ordinarily, that is what the opposition party ought to do. “If you ask me, are Nigerians waiting for a change? Yes. If you ask me as a member of PDP, I am ready to support PDP to take over, yes. But, if you ask me currently as it is, is the leadership of the party willing for us to harvest this opportunity for a change? I will say no. “And a party that ought to be united, to work, to take over the affairs of government, because people are waiting for this opportunity. “But the current leadership of NWC is not prepared for that, rather, what they have done is to constitute some people to sow a seed of discord among governors for their own selfish interest. And that will boomerang; that will consume them. “The present National Working Committee is not interested or doing anything to take over the realms of government in 2023. When your interest is to remain in power, you are no longer interested in winning elections,” Wike said. However, there are reports that Wike is also among those working to ensure that the party’s ticket is zoned to the North. Sources within the opposition party believe that the Rivers State governor is working for the emergence of Aminu Tambuwal, governor of Sokoto State, as the PDP presidential flag bearer so that he can run as the vice-presidential candidate. Tambuwal was one of the aspirants who sought the 2019 presidential ticket of the PDP but lost to Atiku Abubakar, former vice-president. After the loss of Tambuwal, Wike had withdrawn his support for the party but PDP leaders reached out to him before the situation was resolved. According to one of the sources, “Secondus comment on zoning is against Wike’s vice presidential bid. Wike believes that if the presidency is zoned to the north, Tambuwal would mobilise northern numbers against APC’s southern candidate. “But if the ticket is zoned to the south or thrown open, he might not get a chance.” In the PDP, although he has not made his interest known publicly, former Vice President Atiku Abubakar’s son, Adamu, disclosed in June last year that his father would run again in 2023. That seems to be coming into reality, as the former vice president, sometime last year, reportedly inaugurated his support groups across the 36 states. Christened “Atiku Support Group”, the organisation is meant to project Atiku’s vision of sustainable national development. On his part, Tambuwal, who is also reportedly planning to run, is believed to have commenced underground campaigns for the race, especially with his visits to some prominent people. The last time both squared up at the PDP primaries in 2018, Atiku trounced Tambuwal and others to pick the presidential ticket. Atiku, however, lost to Buhari in the 2019 presidential poll. What is rather curious is that, as in the recent past, none of the aspirants is paying attention to the possible zoning of the presidency in their parties. As things presently stand, political analysts believe the both the ruling APC and opposition PDP are playing hide and seek over the zoning of the 2023 presidency even as the South East geo-political zone continues its agitation for the slot, particularly in the main opposition party, which has lost a governor to the ruling party over the issue. As it was gathered by SUNDAY INDEPENDENT, the PDP will not like to commit any political blunder for now as it is waiting for the APC national convention. “The outcome of the ruling party’s national convention will help guide us on the decision of the zone that will produce our presidential candidate for 2023,” a source within the party said.