The Chartered Institute of Bankers of Nigeria Centre for Financial Studies (CIBNCFS) in collaboration with B. Adedipe Associates Limited are set to hold a Roundtable Session on 7th National Economic Outlook: Implications for Businesses in Nigeria in 2021. The annual event is typically held with the aim to engage all stakeholders in key sectors of the Nigerian Economy and elicit implementable government policies. The Forum also typically discusses topical and emerging issues in the banking industry and economy as well as their implications for businesses in the coming year. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The 7th edition is particularly significant as the impact of the Coronavirus pandemic on key sectors of the economy in 2021 would be examined. Furthermore, avenues on how businesses in key sectors can survive and grow despite the rough terrain would also be tackled. Verve Good Life Promo: Two Card-Holders With N1m Each Agboola Is MTN Mpulse Hackathon Champion The virtual event scheduled to hold on Tuesday, January 19, 2021 would feature carefully selected subject matter experts who would share their insights on the preceding year as well as practicable solutions for businesses in the current year. Subject matter experts featured include Dr Doyin Salami, Chairman and Presidential Economic Advisory Council who would deliver the Keynote Address. Others Distinguished Panelists are Ambassador Ayoola Olukanni, Director General, Nigerian Association of Chambers of Commerce, Industry, Mines and Agriculture (NACCIMA), Mr Ayodeji Balogun, CEO, AFEX Commodity Exchange, Mr Akeem Lawal, Divisional Chief Executive, Interswitch and Mr Johnson Seinde Samuel, MD/ CEO, Infinity Paint International Limited among others would participate. Expected participants at the event include staff of financial institutions (Regulatory institutions, Deposit Money Banks, Development Banks, Microfinance Banks, Insurance Companies, Capital Market Operators), Academics, Government Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs), NGOs and other key stakeholders in the Nigerian economy.