Manchester United will be left sweating on the fitness of three players for their game against Liverpool on Sunday. The two rivals meet at Anfield in a top-of-the-table clash after the Old Trafford club leapfrogged Liverpool into first place on Tuesday with their 1-0 win over Burnley. Yet their victory came at a cost, with Anthony Martial and Nemanja Matic both suffering late injuries. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was already without centre-back Victor Lindelof for the game, with a longstanding back problem meaning the Swede has played just two of the Red Devils’ last seven matches. Forward Martial limped off in stoppage time of Tuesday’s victory with an apparent hamstring problem, whilst midfielder Matic went down in added time with a groin problem. Presidency Backs Kukah On Right To Practise Faith, Politics CBN Releases Framework For Safety, Stability Of Financial System Whilst Matic was able to play through the remaining minutes after encouragement from Solskjaer, it is unclear how serious his injury was. Speaking post-match, Matic appeared to confirm his fitness for Sunday’s game as he talked up the significance of the clash. “Sunday is the biggest derby in England, we go there to compete with them and see where we are against one of the best teams in England, but we’re ready,” he said. “We’ve played 17 games, we’re top of the table, that shows something, it’s not five or six games, after 17 games it’s definitely not lucky, there is a quality but we can’t relax, we have to concentrate until the end and go game by game. The next one is always the biggest final.” Solskjaer confirmed post-match that Lindelof was being held back for Sunday, with Eric Bailly starting in his place against Burnley. Bailly has had fitness concerns himself, picking up a knock against Watford in the FA Cup at the weekend and Solskjaer admitted that the centre-back was not fully-fit in the win over Burnley. Solskjaer said pre-match: “He wanted to play, he was ready. He came through training yesterday, he didn’t do everything but he was okay. “Victor had a little reaction so we left him back.” (SOURCE: Liverpool Echo)