A group of elders in the country have said the best way President Muhammadu Buhari should have commemorated the 2021 Armed Forces Remembrance Day would have been the sack of service chiefs and rejig the entire security architecture. The group said this should have been the ideal thing considering the worsening insecurity in the country. They said there was nothing to celebrate in this year’s Armed Forces Remembrance Day because of the inability of the President to address the numerous problems confronting members of the Armed Forces alive, especially the frontline troops. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The elders in a statement, Saturday, vowed to begin imminent mobilisation of Nigerians against the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC, if it fails to immediately prevail on the President to act swiftly on restructuring of security architecture to save the country of further misfortunes. Acting under the auspices of Coalition of Patriotic Nigeria Elders (COPANE), the elders observed that the inability of pigeons to fly having been released to that effect by President Buhari during an event held yesterday in Abuja to mark the Armed Forces Remembrance Day was a strong indication that Nigeria was not at peace. 5 Stars Arsenal Could Sign To Replace Ozil After Agreement To Terminate Contract Chief Judge Constitutes Tribunals For Kano State LG Poll The statement was signed by the group’s National Coordinator, Prof. Habu Usman Galadima, National Secretary, Dr (Mrs) Grace Onanefe and Legal Adviser, Barrister Muhammad Ibrahim Postiskum, respectively. “While we celebrate and pray for our heroes past who had served our dear country and paid the ultimate price as members of the Armed Forces of Nigeria, we wish to state that there is nothing to celebrate in this year Armed Forces Remembrance Day because of the inability of Mr President to address the numerous problems confronting members of the Armed Forces alive, especially those in the frontlines. “We observe with regret that the long and unnecessary tenure of the current service chiefs has not only affected career progression, in the Armed Forces of Nigeria today but also resulted in low morale among officers and men of the services besides other forms of setbacks. This is unconstitutional. “The best gift Nigerians were expecting at this year’s Armed Forces Remembrance Day was the sack of all the service chiefs, followed with the appointment of younger officers with zeal and commitment to end this war,” they said in the statement.