Jos- The Speaker, Kogi State House of Assembly, Prince Mathew Kolawole is wooing legislators across the country to back Governor Yahaya Bello’s ambition to be Nigeria President come 2023. Kolawole, accompanied by his deputy and other Kogi lawmakers stated this at Plateau House of Assembly complex on Thursday, while soliciting support of Plateau Speaker, Abok Ayuba and his colleagues to back Governor Bello’s ambition. “Our mission to Plateau is to congratulate the Speaker, Plateau House of Assembly, Abok Ayuba on his election as the Chairman of North Central zone of Speakers Conference of Nigeria.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “We are here to brief him and canvass support for his Excellency, Alhaji Yahaya Bello, the Governor of Kogi State who is the youngest governor in Nigeria to run for president come 2023.” “In view of our relationship with our governor, as legislators, we have articulated all his achievements in the areas of security, women Empowerment, youth inclusion in government, education and infrastructural development.” Akpabio Calls For Partnership In Development Of Niger Delta Region Stop Derogatory Statements Against Minister Of Education, Makama Tells Bauchi APC “We have found him to be suitable as he has performed creditably well.” “On this note, we decided on our own, to pass a vote of confidence on him and at the same time, pass a resolution that we want him to contest for the position of President come 2023.” “The youths of Nigeria are also pressurizing him that they want him to run for president and he has finally agreed”, he said. According to him, they brought the message to Plateau Assembly being one of the states that is controlled by the All Progressives Congress (APC). He said that they believe in the association of legislators in Nigeria which has about 998 members with over 600 of them members of APC and automatic delegates of the party. Plateau speaker Ayuba in his response, said the Plateau lawmakers would support Bello if he sets an example by granting Kogi State House of Assembly autonomy. The Plateau Speaker noted that autonomy is one of the key things that the Speakers Conference of Nigeria has been fighting for its implementation. “As a young person, he should act differently and implement the autonomy so that others will follow.” “Sincerely, the north central should be included in the calculations of this country as it is most times left out.” “We will tell them that we form one of the largest population in the country and we should be considered this time”, he said. He assured the Kogi speaker that he would convey his message to the state lawmakers when they resume from recess on January 20. Ayuba further stated that Plateau would join hands with Kogi to get what rightly belong to the north central.