Not many politicians identify with their constituency immediately after winning an election. YAQOUB POPOOLA writes about a female federal lawmaker who has been putting smile on the faces of the poor in her constituency The popular aphorism which says “when there is life;there is hope,” best described the story of an octogenarian Mrs Omowe Olaleye whose house was blown off by rainstorm in Ijero, Ekiti State early in 2020, as she got a donation of three bedroom apartment from a Chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and member of the House of Representatives, Hon. Wumi Ogunlola. This symbolic benevolence caught the attention of the leaders of the ruling party as well as the opposition in Ekiti who poured encomiums on the female legislator for attaining uncommon feat. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Few days ago , the Federal Lawmaker led hundreds of friends and well-wishers to the hilly area in Ijero where the new edifice was handed over to the highly elated grandmother. The event which coincided with the 2020 edition of the Ogunlola ‘s annual Empowerment Programme also captured hundreds of youths and vulnerables in the constituents. How Bandits Kill, Abduct, Rape In Zamfara PZ Cussons Nigeria Records Biggest Loss In 10 Years The lawmaker also trained about 160 members of her constituents in various vocations while six solar powered water bore holes were also sunk in Ijero,Aramoko Araromi Ikogosi and Iwaji-Ekiti . Speaking about the issue of unemployment Ogunlola said “it is only in Nigeria that we find out our youth all wanting white collar jobs, which is not possible. We cannot all be employed by the government. Most of our leaders travel outside the country, instead of them to bring back home what they saw out there by introducing and executing ideas into our own system. “We should have a country where by at three years in secondary school, students will learn skill acquisition, so that they won’t be useless if they don’t get white collar jobs. This should be introduced into school curriculum” she added . “About 160 members of my constituents undergone an intensive training on cake baking, paints making, and making of Adire fabrics .At the end of tbe programme, each of the beneficiaries were awarded certificates of participation while starters parks were also provided,” Ogunlola disclosed. “I want to use this medium to congratulate all beneficiaries and advise them to use this opportunity to make informed decision and implement change in their own lives and,lives of other people. “I want to emphasize that beneficiaries should use the items given to them to create more jobs and means of livelihoods to the other constituents,” Ogunlola admonished. In her remark while handing over the building to the beneficiary ,Hon Ogunlola thanked God for making her fulfilled her long term dream. She described Mama Omowe as upright and highly principled Nigerian who was not easily swayed by material thing. The lawmaker recalled how Mama Omowe stood by her during the electioneering, even when she had nothing to offer the octogenarian. Hon Ogunlola therefore admonished the youths to learn from Mama Omowe’s uprightness and commitment to whatever course she believes in . At the grand ceremony held In Ijero-Ekiti, no fewer than 500 members of her constituency benefitted from the various items donated by the legislator . Other items distributed were 14 Vehicles, 60 motorcycles, 58 sewing machines, 40 generators, 10 wheel chairs and 12 mowers, 40 wheel chairs, 100 grinding machines . The lawmaker also donated cash gifts to hundreds of students and widows, as well as people living with disabilities. The highlight of the occasion was the presentation of a three -bedroom to the octogenarian, Mrs Omowe Olaleye in Ijero. Ogunlola said she decided to donate the house and others to rescue the people from poverty . At a well attended event by party leaders from the State and the senatorisl district, Mrs Ogunlola posited that no amount of social intervention would make meaningful impact on the lives of the people if the security issues are not addressed . She said: “Security is the foremost agitation of all Nigerians now. If you look at the ways banditry, kidnapping and insurgency are thriving, we can only hope that government will do the needful. “Security is very paramount to any government apart from the social welfare. We are hoping that we will get it right. The House had advised the president to look at the handlers of our security apparatuses and make the right changes. “I am also of the humble opinion that the security Chiefs have outlived their usefulness, they are supposed to be in retirement at homes now, but still being kept. If you keep on doing certain thing the same way, you will be getting the same result. The Federal Government must look critically at this sector and do what is right. “The House of Representatives has the right to summon President. If the AGF said we don’t have such powers, he was only being clever by half. “The President is accountable to Nigerians, we can call him to explain to Nigerians about any issue. For him (Malami) to say we have no such power to invite the President, I perceived that as a figment of his own imagination and not the position of government,” the lawmaker said. The State Chairman of the party, Hon. Paul Omotoso, said the lawmaker has not disappointed her constituents by the quantum of what she has donated, describing her as a worthy ambassador of the populace. “We are happy that she has not disappointed us. The votes we gave to her were not a waste. She has done well within this limited time. Whoever that remembers the voters has shown the fear of God and she deserves commendations”. Party leaders from both the ruling and the opposition political parties in Ekiti State were unanimous in their verdicts on the lawmaker. While passing a Vote of Confidence on Ogunlola, the politicians argued that the legislator had thrown a big challenge to the men folks who had previously occupied the position . In less than two years in office they posited that the lawmaker has impacted on the lives of the people of the area more than ever before . Giving his testimonies the Ekiti State Publicity Secretary of the People’s Democratic Party(PDP) Hon Rapheal Adeyanju described Ogunlola as the best representative so far. Said he, “I want to appreciate this beautiful woman. Hon. Omowumi Olubunmi Ogunlola, the member representing my constituency in the National Assembly . I have no apology to state that she has been the best. So far so good. “We have had men from my local government and the neighboring Efon Alaaye local government representing us in the National Assembly, in my own assessement, Ogundola has surpassed all her predecessors in office , both from the PDP and the APC. “Recently, she facilitated the construction of two six classroom blocks in my Alma mater, Okemesi Grammar School. She has also put smiles on the faces of so many people in our constituency “ Adeyanju added. Also speaking,the SouthWest Publicity Secretary of APC ,Hon Karounwi Oladapo described Ogunola as a pride to womanhood. Karounwi noted that no event had been graced by top hierarchy of the party in recent time like Ogunlola’s empowerment programme, describing it as sign of hardwork and wider acceptability within the party. He acknowledged the impact made on the lives of the people in Ekiti by the lawmaker within the shortest period as a clear testimony to her competence.