Prior to the outbreak of hostilities in the country in the late 1960s which ended in January, 1970, the defunct Eastern region which currently comprises the Southeast geo political zone and parts of Rivers and Delta states were in control of the commanding height of the nation’s economy. The region, then acclaimed as the fastest growing economy in the world called the shots, paid the piper and dictated the tune in all ramifications, just as it was firmly in control of all the nation’s military and other security outfits. However, the 3 years fratricidal bloody war and its resultant effects turned the table against the region and the once bubbling Igbo traditional enclave later found itself at lowest ebb. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Disillusioned that the “No victor, No vanquished proclamation of the then General Yakubu Gowon administration to erase claims of victory or defeat from the 2 warring sides proved to be a fallacy and a mirage, the embattled Ndigbo began sustained hue and cry of national conspiracy, discrimination and segregation vis-à-vis other parts of the country. Thus, apparently poised to take their destiny in their own hands, liberate themselves from their shackles of neglect, deprivation and marginalization, an apex socio cultural organization with the mandate to project and to champion the interest of the people, strengthen unity, oneness and cohesion among the Igbo for national integration was established. Governors Thwarting Efforts At Restructuring -Okechukwu, VON DG Fayemi’s Aide After My Life – Lere Olayinka Christened “Ohanaeze Ndigbo”, the Igbo umbrella body had since remained vociferous in its agitation for a fair share for the Igbo nation in the country. Thus, Sunday 10th of this month (January) marked another watershed in the life of the organization when prominent sons and daughters of Igbo extraction converged in Owerri the Imo state capital to elect new principal officers of the world Igbo body. They include: the governors of the SouthEast or their representatives, minister of science and technology- Dr Ogbonnaya Onu, delegates from the Igbo speaking states, Prof. Anya O. Anya, former chairman of INEC Prof. Maurice Iwu, ex-governor Ikedi Ohakim former PDP first Vice Chairman, Southeast, Ozichukwu Chukwu, Chief John Nnia Nwodo, Senator Ben Obi, Professor Chigozie Ogbu, Ambassador Eddie Onuoha and Chief Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu. Others were: former minister of Defence High Chief Tony Aguiyi Ironsi, former foreign Affairs minister Dubem Onyia, Ex-IGP – Mike Okiro, former minister of Health – Professor ABC Nwosu, retired DIG Hilary Opara, chief Chekwas Korie Anglican Bishop of Enugu Diocese – Most Rev. Emmanuel Chukwuma and other movers and shakers of the Igbo nation extraction including the minister of state (mines and steel) Uche Orgah. The august gathering resulted in the election of the nation’s former Ambassador to USA and state of Israel, Professor George Obiozor as the new President General of the Ohanaeze Ndi-Igbo World Wide. This followed the smooth conduct of the 2021 convention of the organization held in Owerri, the Imo State Capital which was preceded by the formal dissolution of the Chief John Nnia Nwodo led executive. Obiozor, also an ex-Director General of the NIIA polled a total of 304 votes to defeat two other contestants-Dr Valentine Oparaocha and Saviour Uju Okoro who scored 15 and 3 votes respectively. Others elected are Obi Nwali Deputy President General, Okey Emuchay secretary General (265 votes), Eze Beatrice (Treasurer) Bat Okere (financial secretary unopposed) Alex Ogbonna (publicity secretary), Joseph Ojobo ( Legal Adviser and Peter Aneke (Assistant Legal Officer). Declaring the general assemble open earlier, the immediate past President General Dr Nnia Nwodo expressed gratitude to Ndi-Igbo for the opportunity offered him to pilot the affairs of the organization, stating that his team despite numerous challenges did her best to tackle all these problems confronting the Igbo nation. These he said include: poor allocation to the south east from the federation account, inadequate federal government appointment, agitation to restructure the nation as well as promotion of unity among Ndi-Igbo. He commended Governors of the south east for their assistance to his administration and called on Ndi-Igbo at home and abroad to always love one another. Governor Hope Uzodinma, speaking noted that Ndi-Igbo had continued to face legions of problems such as lack of unity resulting in disenfranchisement and mutual hatred. He recalled with nostalgia and relish, the premier enviable position of Ndi-Igbo in the nations affairs saying “we must make a change and go back to history, find out our root and see where we got it wrong and correct this and time to act is now.” Also speaking, his Ebonyi State counterpart and chairman South East Governors| forum Davey Umahi reiterated the commitment of his colleagues to the unity of the nation. He held the Local Organizing Committee (LOC) of the convention for a job well done, saying that processes put in place for the exercise received the endorsement of his colleagues. “South East Governors are one united family and we will not allow politics to divide us. Igbo land is greater than all of us and we must work together to move forward”. In his acceptance speech, Professor Obiozor express gratitude to Ndi-Igbo for the confidence reposed in him and promised to use his local and international connections to move the Igbo nation forward. He however appealed to all to shun rancor, bitterness and acrimony and to assist his administration to take Ndi-Igbo to the next level. Now that the mantle of leadership has befell on Obiozor, the former ambassador to the United State of America, should take steps to remedy the underdevelopment of the Igbo relative to other ethnic nationalities in the country. Thus Obiozor – a seasoned diplomat and should gird his loins and settle down to re-brand the Nation of Ndigbo, and take them to the promised land. He is expected to use his local and international connections to remedy the sordid history of neglect dichotomy and discrimination against Ndigbo. This is so because there is a common belief among the people that they are being treated as second class citizens in a country where they have and still contribute immeasurably in nation building. Their belief in the continued corporate existence of the country is manifest in their investments and settlement in all parts of the country. Not a few of them are of the view that a cursory look at the spread of federal presence speaks volume of a region of neglect with no federal presence, such as highways, Express way, industries, factories, seaport and International Airport – just as flyovers Refineries, Research Institutes or teaching hospitals the second Niger Bridge appears to have been consigned to the dustbin of abandonment. Having found himself at the corridors of power and with a formidable affinity with the power brokers in the country, the renowned scholar is expected to work hand in hand with elected members of the National Assemblies (NASS) of Igbo extraction and ensure that there is a radical departure from the ugly past of neglect of the Igbo Nation. The quest for a president of Igbo extraction in 2023 should be part of his pre-occupation for the next four years as the leaders of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo. Obiozor should apply utmost diplomacy and appeal to the conscience of the clique and cabal still holding Ndigbo down to see reason and allow justice to prevail in respect of leadership of the nation. What is good for the geese is also good for the gander, and Peter should not be robbed to pay Paul. Again, Obiozor should not lose sight of the need to restructure the nation absolutely, create more states and Local Government Areas in Igbo land for justice and equity to prevail. He should take steps to remedy the imbalance in the appointment of service Chiefs which is currently bereft of any single Igbo man. This is in addition to appointments into federal civil service and Heads of such sensitive institutions as the Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) immigration, Nigerian Correctional Centre, the DSS, NDLEA, NSCDC among others. Already, the World Igbo Congress (WIC) has argued that the massive development of Southeast is necessary whether there is restructuring of the nation’s constitution or not. According to the body, (WIC) the perception that there is grand neglect of the Southeast from the perspective of little or no federal government projects gives rise to suspicious of deliberate economic strangulation of the region. The Igbo are of the opinion that restructuring of the current composition of the nation in the form of regional autonomy where each region will develop at their own pace and peculiarity would provide the magic wand to the question of economic underdevelopment of the south east. According to the WIC, this is the stand of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo and other Igbo cultural, social and economic groups across the globe. Chief Dr. Richard O. Nwachukwu – the Secretary General of the WIC and also the Publisher of African Herald in US since 1989 has argued that the World Igbo Congress is irrevocably committed to the realization of a president of Igbo extraction in 2023. Considering the fact that discussion on the issue of South-East regional security outfit between Ohanaeze Ndigbo and South-East governors appears to have broken down, Obiozor should equally beam his torch on the menace of Fulani herdsmen and bandits causing carnage in the