A veteran dancehall artiste, Obi Casmir, has called on players in entertainment industry to adhere strictly to protocols and guidelines on the prevention of COVID-19 pandemic as Nigeria fights its second wave. Casmir (a.k.a. Voombastic Uncle P) made the call in an interview the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos on Friday. He said that it would be unpatriotic for night clubs, bars and recreational centres to still be operating since the Federal Government still imposed lockdown on them. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! NAN reports that the Federal Government on Dec. 21, 2020, imposed further restrictions including shutdown of bars, event centres, concerts and recreational centres for five weeks. The aim is to tackle the resurgence of the pandemic. D’Banj Enters 2021 With New Single “Ikebe” COVID-19: Nollywood Actress, Victoria Inyama Tests Positive Casmir regretted that the entertainment industry had been hard it by the pandemic through lockdowns, but said that the lockdowns were in the interest of all Nigerian residents. “Everyone is aware that the music industry is the biggest casualty since 2020; it cannot hold live performances but must comply with the order. “Our events attract crowd and this negates COVID-19  prevention protocols. “It is, therefore, our social responsibility to ensure that such platforms are avoided for now so as to join the government to curb further spread of the virus. “I encourage my colleagues and entertainers at large to please abide by the laid down rules. A living dog is better than a dead lion,” he said. Casmir said that the industry was looking into innovative models to monetise music consumption. He noted that the global music industry was worth over 50 billion dollars, with two major income streams. “ There is the live music which makes up over 50 per cent of total revenues and derived mainly from sales of tickets for live performances,’’ Casmir said. He said that adherence to COVID-19 protocols and guidelines would be part of entertainment industry’s sacrifice to ensure eradication of COVID-19.