Arsenal will hope to carry their winning momentum into their first FA Cup game of the season and reach the fourth round, but they’re up against tricky opposition. Mikel Arteta’s Gunners were in dire straits prior to Christmas but have since turned their form around, with consecutive league victories over Chelsea, Brighton and West Brom. Tonight, Arsenal host fellow Premier League side Newcastle at the Emirates Stadium and, while most of their results have been poor lately, they did manage a draw against Liverpool. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! So, who could Arteta look to name in his starting XI? Straight away there’s a dilemma in goal – will first-choice Bernd Leno get the nod, a decision which would clearly prioritise victory, or will Runar Alex Runarsson be given the chance to make amends for his poor display against Manchester City? BREAKING: Court Dismisses Certificate Forgery Case Against Gov Obaseki APC Condemns U.S. Election Saga We think Arteta will go for the latter option, and not just out of kindness – if the £1million man does well, then it’ll benefit him and the club, and if he doesn’t, then the Gunners have time to source a replacement with the January transfer window open. There could also be changes in defence, with Kieran Tierney and Hector Bellerin replaced by back-ups Ainsley Maitland-Niles and Cedric Soares, while the returning Gabriel Magalhaes could also come back in, with compatriot David Luiz alongside him. Given Thomas Partey was rushed back against Spurs and was then sidelined for another month, Arteta will probably err on the side of caution this time and go for Mohamed Elneny and Joe Willock in midfield. Further up, Arteta could opt to give another chance to Nicolas Pepe and Willian, two high-profile players who have underperformed massively this season, to see if they’re worth of getting more Premier League minutes. Alongside them would be Gabriel Martinelli, who in stark contrast has been a shining light for the Gunners since his return from long-term injury, with the hope that his work ethic and passion rubs off on the other two. And leading the line could be Eddie Nketiah, the Hale End gem previously deemed “extraordinary” by Arteta but who has come in for criticism for his record at senior level and will hope to prove his critics wrong.