*As Some Party Leaders Threw Away Rotational Agreement A group, Reclaim Burutu Political Forum has stated that the reign of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) will be history in Burutu Local Government Area of Delta State if the imposition of PDP Chairmanship flag bearer is allowed to remain. The group in a press statement signed its President, Mr. Sele Opukeme and Secretary, Comrade Friday Korode, called on Governor Ifeanyi Okowa and the state chairman of the PDP, Barr. Kingsley Esiso to revisit the issue of the Burutu Local Government PDP chairmanship flag bearer alleged to have been concluded when it was never done. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The group appealed to the duo to do justice to the issue which has led to tension and raising tempers in the LGA by addressing the anomaly and impunity caused by few leaders to the detriment of the Burutu North people whose turn, it is to produce the council chairman. The group asked how can six aspirants out of the 7 that contested for the chairmanship seat not aware that a consensus was reached to pick anyone as directed by the party at the state but only one man (the incumbent) is saying there was an election and the leadership of our dear party is treating this clear impunity and imposition with laxity and undermining the damage it can cause the party both in the immediate and in the future. NMA Partners Zamfara Govt. In The Fight Against Quackery Foundation Wants More Support For Widows According to the statement, “Our Governor should know that the Abuja leaders and their co-conspirators are putting the PDP in a very precarious position and the backlash that will follow will be monumental and devastating. “Nothing can be more dangerous than when people remain in their party to destroy the party, we have seen things like this play out a couple of times and the resultant effect were protest votes that eventually led to the party loosing several positions and if we say we have not learnt any lesson from the 2007 presidential election defeat and others due to lack of internal democracy and impunity in the PDP as at that time then it behoves on us to wait for the judgment day. “Why on earth will a sitting council chairman run away from primaries even at a doctored leadership list approved by the state to give him an edge for the supposed primaries yet he is running away, why run if you’ve done well in your 3 years. “The self seeking Burutu leaders and the dumb ones that have refused to speak up ( for fear of been blacklisted for saying the truth ) cannot usurp the very high position, powers and rights of High Chief Edwin Kiagbodo Clark, (Ijaw Worldwide leader) whose son Chief Anthony Ebikeme Clark was denied same leverage to run twice by the Governor under the guise of the Burutu North and South rotational power sharing arrangement. “We implore Governor Ifeanyi Okowa to confer with Chiefs Edwin Clark and Elder Godsday Peter Orubebe to set the records straight and get it right as saying the truth will help the Governor avert the looming catastrophe.