Mr. Fred Agbedi, the House of Representatives member representing Sagbama/Ekeremor Federal Constituency  of Bayelsa, on Thursday urged members of his constituency to embrace entrepreneurship as a way out of the current economic downturn. Agbedi who gave the advice during a skills acquisition training for 100 beneficiaries drawn from his constituency, noted that entrepreneurship was a sure path to self reliance as there is dignity in labour. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the two-day training was jointly facilitated by the lawmaker and the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NABDA). ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The beneficiaries who were trained on various household product lines such as soap making, cosmetics, deodorants, bleach, entrepreneurship skills as well as basic book keeping, got start-up kits and stock of raw materials to start production Agbedi explained that the training was part of his efforts in ensuring that federal government programmes meant for members of his constituency by various Ministries Departments and Agencies (MDAs) were executed. We‘ll Tackle Youth Restiveness In Oyo Through Sporting Activities, Says Makinde Lawyer Writes Fayemi Over Alleged Maltreatment Of Housewife By Aide He said that although the executive arm of government awards and executes constituency projects, he had a responsibility to monitor and ensure that projects captured in the budget for his people were implemented satisfactorily. The lawmaker advised the beneficiaries to see the training as an avenue to be self reliant and support themselves. He promised to redouble efforts to get more support and training programmes for his constituents. Agbedi commended NABDA for collaborating with his office in executing the programme as part of government’s effort at lifting Nigerians out of poverty. He noted that the commitment, peaceful disposition and interest of the participants in the training was encouraging and capable of attracting such schemes from other MDAs. Also, the Speaker, House of Representative Mr Femi Gbajabiamila, who was represented by Fred Obuah, PDP Ogbia Federal Constituency commended Fred Agbedi for his love for his constituents. According to him, Agbedi as himself at the National Assembly, made quality input in debates and affairs of his state of Bayelsa and Nigeria in general. Speaking at the training programme, representative of NABDA, Mr Agulefo Ikechukwu, Deputy Director, Procurement at the agency, noted that the skill training was aimed at transferring results of its research findings to citizens for commercial applications. He said that NABDA had successfully developed viable businesses from the rich bioresources capable of engaging the unemployed in the society. Speaking to the participants on ‘Entrepreneurship as a Tool for Sustainable Development/Economic Growth’, Prof. Stephen Kayode Omorogbe noted that entrepreneurship was a tool for wealth creation. Omorogbe, a lecturer at  the faculty of social sciences, Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma urged the beneficiaries to grow their businesses to create jobs to support other members of their communities.