The Association of Nigerian Electricity Distributors, has said that there has been no significant improvement in the energy generated and wheeled by the Transmission Company of Nigeria since 2015. According to the group, the energy to be received by the Discos continues to be flat, low and far from any of NERC’s projections under the MYTO financial model. “The Disco’s uncertainty on the energy to be received from TCN has become a major threat and it will hurt the core of their Performance Improvement Plans as many of them are based on the projections done by NERC at June’s minor review.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The group in a new report disclosed that electricity consumers paid N362bn from the N520bn billed them by the distribution companies in the country between January and September last year. It said the power firms lost N158bn, representing 30.38 per cent of the energy billed in the nine-month period, adding that Discos’ revenue collection rose to N130billion in the third quarter of 2020 from N105bn in Q2 and N125bn in Q1, according to their latest quarterly performance report. Daystar Power Gets $38m To Grow West African Operations TCN Records Peak Generation, Transmission Of 5,552.80mw The group further disclosed that the collection improved as a result of Discos’ effort to recoup losses during the COVID-19 lockdown, although the energy received by them dropped by 4.3 per cent in Q3. “The Discos are back on track on their performance improvement after the fall due to the pandemic. Indeed, in September 2020, Discos collection reached a new record of N44.5bn,” it said. The group further said the Discos’ collection efficiency rose to 76.28 per cent in Q3. According to the group: “Due to the severe impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, in particular during the Q2 2020, the ATC&C (Aggregate Technical, Commercial and Collection loss KPI (moving average) keeps increasing and is now at 46.1 per cent. “Paradoxically, the MYTO financial model that determines the tariff has not been adjusted and still considers average ATC&C losses of about 20 per cent for this year. “The huge gap between the reality and the fiction of the MYTO model is creating a huge shortfall and the real revenue collection is far from the minimum remittance obligations.”