IBADAN – Igangan community of Oyo State was again in the news as two men were reportedly hacked to death by some suspected herdsmen. Igangan in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State has recently been in the news for series of the gruesome killing of farmers who are mostly well to do indigenes of the community. Igangan gruesome killings had on various occasions been linked to Fulani herdsmen attack the cash crop farmers. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The Friday attack and gruesome killing of two farmers, another of it’s kind, as SATURDAY INDEPENDENT gathered that the skull of one of the victims, identified as Seun, was slit opened with a machete by his attackers. It was gathered that the attack happened on Friday after a strongman from the zone, Sunday Igboho, visited Igangan to warn the Seriki Fulani, Saliu Kadri, against the mindless killings of the indigenes in the community. Oyetola Felicitates With Chief Bisi Akande At 82 [FREE] Download Independent ePaper – 16th January 2021 Kadri had been variously fingered as the mastermind of series of attacks on the people of Igangan, especially farmers. Some prominent indigenes of the town had been killed by suspected herdsmen with several others kidnapped when travelling or on their way to the farm. Igboho was said to have gone to the settlement of the Seriki to confront him there. Sources said that he accused the Fulani man of being responsible for the crises in the area. This was said to have led to a serious altercation. Following this, it was learnt that some of the Seriki’s boys trooped out and attacked the Yoruba farmers on their way from their farms. The Convener of Igangan Development Advocates, Oladiran Oladokun, said, “Sunday Igboho came to Igangan today and went to Kara Market because that is where they use to perpetrate atrocities. “Ibarapa people have all agreed that Kara markets should be closed so that crime would reduce. “He also went to Seriki’s settlement to confront him. After he left, the Seriki’s boys trooped out and hacked four persons returning from farm; two of them have died.” While reacting to the sad occurrence, the state Police Public Relations Officer, CSP. Olugbenga Fadeyi, when contacted, said Igboho went to the Fulani camp in the town today and injured four persons. The PPRO said, “Today, ( Friday) at about 6pm, the popular Sunday Igboho from Igboho town stormed the Fulani camp at Igangan with his men in four Hilux pickup vans and attacked the people, injuring four persons. “He then warned them to vacate the camp in seven days or be forcefully evicted. The injured were taken to the hospital for treatment. Police patrol vehicle has been deployed to the area. The investigation has commenced into the matter,” Fadeyi said.