BENIN – His Royal Highness, Henry Ekebilegha Binidodogha, the Ojuaga 1 of Egbema Clan in Ovia South West Local Gov­ernment Area of Edo State, has appealed for peaceful co­existence in his domain. He made the appeal while reacting to alleged plans by some elements from Delta State to instigate the peace loving people of his domain to resort to violence and make the state ungovernable as a re­sult of his ascendancy of the kingship position of his clan. Binidodogha disclosed that his ascendancy of the traditional stool of his clan since March 25th, 2018, was endorsed by the elders, chiefs and leaders of the seven major Egbema communities in Ovia South West Local Government Area of Edo State namely – Ofunama, Jamagie 1 and 2, Ugbolukanga, Abere, Gbeoba and Ajakurama. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He stated that he is just waiting for the royal blessings of the Benin monarch, Omo N’Oba N’Edo Uku Akpolokpo­lo, Oba Ewuare 11, N’Ogidigan. Binidodogha said that his insistence on peaceful coexis­tent of his people with their neighbours is not going down well with some elements who continually blackmail and try to instigate him to engage in causing mayhem in Edo State which he always disagrees. NIN: NIMC Workers Suspend Strike COVID-19: Nigeria Plans Vaccinating 70% Of Population By End 2022 He affirmed that his loyal­ty to the Oba of Benin is never in doubt, adding that it is only by living in peace with their neighbours that would enable his people to enjoy growth and development. Adding their voices in sup­port of Binidodogha, some chiefs from Egbema Clan led by Chief Thomas Atigbi Abel(JP), a prominent chief from Ofunama, affirmed that more than anything else, the Egbema Clan is desirous of development which can only be achieved in a peaceful at­mosphere. He charged the security agencies to checkmate the ac­tivities of some elements from Delta State, led by some Chiefs who have been instigating the people of Egbema Clan and also their kith and kin in Delta to cause mayhem in Edo State. “We are peace loving people. The security agencies should get to the root of this evil plot emanating from Delta State to cause mayhem in Edo State. “These agents of violence should be dealt with in ac­cordance with the law of the land,” Chief Atigbi submitted