Gov. Simon Lalong of Plateau said the state government is set to prosecute those misinforming people on the existence of COVID-19. The governor said this during a stakeholders’ meeting organised to deliberate on the COVID-19 Task Force resolutions on Wednesday in Jos. He expressed concern that many people were living in denial and were imposing their beliefs on innocent residents in the state. He said “for those who are in denial and continue to misinform others that COVID-19 does not exist, I want to warn them to desist. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! I as the number one citizen of the state was a victim and God helped me to come out of it. “I can tell you that it is not a joke and I do not wish even my enemies such experience. “That is why at the last state executive meeting, we decided to criminalise further denial of the disease. Mass Closure Of Nigerian Varsities, Disastrous, Counterproductive –Afe Babalola States Receive N123.348bn Performance Grant From FG “In other words, if you deny the existence of the disease, keep your denial to yourself because if you are caught propagating it or instigating others to follow you, you will be arrested and prosecuted no matter how highly placed you may be.” He said that the resurgence of cases globally called for increased efforts to control the new variant of the disease. He decried the nonchalant attitude of residents in adhering to the guidelines of the disease, stressing that the use of face mask, personal hygiene and social distance was critical to controlling the spread of the disease. “In fact, many have abandoned and refused to observe simple protocols of wearing face mask, maintaining social distance and washing hands regularly,” he said. The governor noted that the meeting was to engage stakeholders, comprising the state cabinet, security council, traditional leaders, religious groups, women and youth groups, for inputs on the safety of residents. He added that “I have directed commissioners and other senior government officials to reach out to the people. “We want to break the resistance and ensure that people own the response. COVID-19 is a personal matter that affects people directly. They need to be involved.” Lalong said efforts were being made to ensure oxygen supply in the treatment of the new variant of the COVID-19 disease. He noted that his commitment to control the disease made him to establish a local research team to find cure for COVID-19, saying that the drugs were at clinical stage and awaiting approval. He, however, expressed worry on the upsurge of kidnapping, cultism and other criminal activities in the state, saying “death is the penalty for kidnapping in Plateau.” In his presentation, Dr. Simji Gomerep, the Chief Consultant Physician and Infectious Diseases Specialist at Jos University Teaching Hospital (JUTH), said most casualties of COVID-19 were as a result of respiratory failure. He said more equipment in the treatment of the disease such as ventilators, X-ray machines, CT Scan and oxygen plant, among others, were needed to aid prompt response.