National Publicity Secretary of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), Kola Ologbondiyan, in this interview explains why the opposition party has not taken a decision on the issue of zoning the presidential ticket in 2023. He said the PDP in the fullness of time, will take a decision on the issue of zoning. He also spoke on the new electronic membership drive of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) scheduled to commence on January 25, 2021 accusing the ruling party of stealing the innovation from the PDP. AKINWUNMI KING brings the excerpts: Your party, the People’s Democratic Party has condemned the 774,000 jobs recently launched by the All Progressives Congress (APC) led Federal Government. What would your party have done better as regards the 774,000 jobs? For us in the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), our position on the issue of 774,000 jobs is that the government is not acting organically. The government of President Muhammadu Buhari is just tapping for solutions here and there, it is not coordinated and not organised. You remember when they promised these jobs, it was supposed to be an aftermath of the first wave of COVID-19. Now, we are in the second wave already and the government is not even sure of what approaches to deploy as a face-off to the second wave of COVID-19. But the government is talking about the 774,000 jobs in a situation it is not even sure whether it is going to engage in lockdown or not. So, for us in the PDP, we believe that all the APC has done and President Muhammadu Buhari has done in the last six years is just making promises. What has happened to N-Power? People who enrolled for N-Power have not been paid for five months. So, we in the PDP see President Muhammadu Buhari and those in the APC, as people looking for public applause. For now, what we are seeing in the polity is ‘we are kick starting the 774,000 local government jobs and as such, people should applaud us’. The PDP is watching… we have seen a situation where the N-Power people have not been paid for an upward of five months. So we will wait for the proper implementation and when it will begin to pay those it has employed, then we will know that the government is serious. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! You mocked the APC in December 2020 when the party said it was going to dissolve its various units and embark on a technology driven new membership drive registration but on Tuesday, the party decided to set up a committee to commence that project. Already, one of your governors has defected to the APC and with this new membership drive, the party is likely to take more of your members. How do you react to this? All I have for the APC is just pity because when a party choses to dissolve all its structures from the national to the ward levels, and imposed a national caretaker committee chaired by a sitting governor, who by their own constitution cannot hold two offices, do you take such a party seriously? Certainly not, because the party has by itself put itself into extinction. However, you asked a question as regards the party taking our members, a governor, a senator. In as much as we are concerned by their departure, we want to assure you that Nigerians out there are done with the APC. And because the APC in itself is confused, it doesn’t know what to do next, it is claiming that it is engaging in membership drive. Who today in Nigeria, is interested in joining the APC, talk less of hoping to team up with it? Seeing People Living The Life I Lived Before Makes Me Uncomfortable –Dr. Williams-Daudu Nigeria Problems Emanate From Leadership Failure – Nzechukwu APC doesn’t have the understanding of party politics not to talk of governance and that is why when they heard that the PDP has already gotten the approval of NEC to begin membership drive through online registration, they came out and said they want to do online registration and that is why you can see that they keep postponing the date. They said they are going to start on January 25, but don’t be surprised if by January 25, they do another thing like a lecture or holding a public gathering and claiming that they have started. They do not have plans just like they do not have plans for Nigerians out there, they have no plans for their own party. So, we are not bothered, we are a structured political party and I can assure you that some of the people you claimed to have left our party, are full of regrets today. And don’t be surprised too if you find out that they are finding their way back to the PDP, and I say so clearly because the PDP remains the only party in this country which understands the nuances of our nation; our party is the only political party which is structured and blessed with experience of over 20 years of working in tandem with Nigerians. Just wait and see what will happen to the APC. Looking at some of the internal crises going on in your party ranging from the fight between the Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde and former governor of Ekiti State, Ayo Fayose; the defection of Governor Dave Umahi; allegations against your National Chairman, just to mention a few. Is the ruling party not right when it said you don’t have a united party to regain power in 2023? Let me make this clear that we didn’t have two election circles, we only had one election, which was in 2019 and which we know clearly and majority of Nigerians also know that President Muhammadu Buhari didn’t win that election. He didn’t win because Nigerians didn’t vote for him, I will say that over and over. However, we are in final agreement with the final decision of the Supreme Court, no matter how painful it is, but we know in the PDP that President Muhammdu Buhari didn’t win that election. Let me also say that there is no zoning at the national level that is tearing our party apart. All these are the shenanigans and blackmail of the APC. The present National Working Committee was elected for a four-year term, which will lapse in December. There have been no issues so far warranting zoning, we have not done any zoning. There is no way we will do zoning without going into the presidential election matter. We haven’t reached that stage in the PDP. On the issue of zoning, some leaders of the ruling APC have been talking and saying that the next presidential ticket of the party will be zoned to the South, though, some are South East and others are saying South West. But your party keeps saying it is not time to talk about zoning, are you waiting for the APC to take a decision before you now use that as an advantage? I have said that the PDP has not reached a decision on the issue of zoning. Let me also make it clear that the PDP is not waiting on the APC to take a decision. There are conversations in the APC over where to choose their next candidate from, I am aware because I also read in the public space. But we must also not lose the understanding for the conversation. It is because those who worked to bring President Muhammadu Buhari to power… and having seen the failures that are attached to the governance of President Muhammadu Buhari and all the failed promises that were made and cannot be actualised, are already afraid that perhaps, the same thing will happen to their agreement. I am sure you are also aware that some eminent members of the APC have come out already to say they had no agreement, so, that is a conversation for them. For us in the PDP, we have our party organs that will take decisions based on the conversation that will arise within our political party. The only party which understands the nuances and works in tandem with the nuances of our nation, when the time comes in the fullness of that time, our party will take its decision on zoning. But as we speak, allow the APC to be fighting in the market place over whether they had an agreement or they didn’t have an agreement. The PDP will not allow itself to be dragged into their own infightings. In the last Lagos East Senatorial by-election, your party lost to the APC and you personally claimed some time ago that you are investigating why your party lost. How far have you gone with the investigation? The dream of any political party in Nigeria is to have Lagos in its kitty. That we have not been able to win Lagos is a statement of fact but it does not foreclose the fact that we are going into another election, and in that election, I can assure you that there will be a difference. What happened in the last by-election is a lesson for us as a political party. We have come to a conclusion on how and why we lost that election and we are also working on how the factors that mitigated against us in that election would not have a bearing in future elections. It is a matter of strategy and I am not expected to bring the strategy of my party into the open public. We have discovered through our own investigations why we lost in that senatorial election in Lagos East and we are already using that as a methodology to fight in the future elections.