*Says Tor Tiv Has Already Resolved Issues Raised In Audio MAKURDI – Benue Concerned Citizens for Development has lampooned the Zone “A” Peoples Assembly (ZAPA) for what it described as “invectives” hurdled at the Minister of Special Duties and Inter-Governmental Affairs, Senator Dr George Akume, whom ZAPA accused of plotting to pull down leaders of the Benue North East Senatorial District (Zone A). The group, which has the mandate of correcting ills of today for a better Benue made this known in a statement made available to INDEPENDENT in Makurdi on Thursday. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The group which was reacting to a leaked audio of a conversation between Senator Akume and the Benue state governor, Samuel Ortom, noted that HRH, the Tor Tiv, Orchivirigh, Prof James Ayatse has since resolved most of the issued raised by ZAPA. According to the group, the Minister has left behind him the issues raised in the audio, and wondered why the group choose to whip a dead horse. BREAKING: Senator Adebayo Salami Is Dead Fire Service Boss Makes Case For Kebbi Fire Service The statement was signed on behalf of the group by Rt. Hon. Stephen Tsav, Chairman; Pastor Terngu Shawon; Barr. John Okloho; Hon. Martins Agir; Hon. James Tor and Barr. Prince Jacob Obande Ajene, Secretary. The group noted that the Minister at the time of the conversation had every right to be angry as a human being because he suffered provocative injustice at that time and his anger was justified. The statement read in part, “We have read the text of a lame press conference organized by Zone “A” People’s Assembly (ZAPA) wherein they hurled invectives on the Minister of Special Duties and Inter-Governmental Affairs, Senator Dr. George Akume, accusing him of a deliberate plot to pull down all aspiring leaders of Benue North East Senatorial District (Zone A). “The originators of the press statement based their concerns on a leaked audio telephone conversation between Senator Akume and Governor Samuel Ortom early 2020 with all contentious issues in the conversation resolved long before now. “It is not clear to us why ZAPA has chosen to flog a dead horse and reawaken issues that the Tor Tiv, His Royal Majesty, Prof. James Iorzua Ayatse and all Zone A leaders have already put behind them long ago. “Suspecting that the group may have rather been sponsored to distract Senator Dr George Akume, whom the group had acknowledged as not just the political leader of Benue, North Central Nigeria but a political father and a serving Minister of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “While we try as much as possible to avoid arguments on issues that emanate from the leaked audio clip as that was purely a private conversation between Senator Akume and Governor Ortom, we wish to state that as a human, the Honourable Minister had suffered provocative injustice at that time and his anger was justified. “However, all of that is in the past now as he has already built synergy with the Tor Tiv, Governor Samuel Ortom and Senator Gabriel Suswam for the good of Benue State. “It is a celebrated fact that both Governor Samuel Ortom and Senator Gabriel Suswam are political scions of Senator Dr. George Akume who played a major role in their emergence as Governors.” He further argued that “If the duo (Ortom and Suswam) feel offended by Senator Akume’s comments in the said telephone conversation, they would need no group to speak for them. “In every fairness, Senator Akume is a detribalised leader who treats people equally without sentiments or primordial consideration and this accounts for why during his stewardship in Benue, out of the 153 appointments he either made directly or facilitated, 63 were from Zone A, a number far higher than Zone B where he comes from.’ The group went further that “It was during his (Akume’s) tenure as governor that Zone A controlled both the Legislative arm of government and the Judiciary. “Let ZAPA be reminded that Hon. Mrs Margaret Icheen, (the first female Speaker in Africa) and later, Hon. Mzenda Iho were Speakers of the Benue State House of Assembly while Justice Terna Ufefa Puusu was the Chief Judge of Benue State as well as Mrs. Margaret Gom, a Commissioner with Federal Character Commission from same Zone A. “It was also during the Akume administration that both Chief Abu King Shuluwa and Pastor Terngu Shawon were nominated and appointed Federal Commissioner, Revenue Mobilisation Allocation and Fiscal Commission and State Director, National Orientation Agency respectively. “Lest we forget that as a Governor and Chairman of the Northern Governors Forum, Governor Akume (as he then was) along with other leaders in the North, truncated the evil and third term agenda of President Olusegun Obansanjo, though he stood to benefit from the Third Term agenda. In saner climes, Sen. Akume would be regarded as one of the fathers of modern democracy in Nigeria.” It further stated that “As a Leader in Benue state, Senator Akume has been very instrumental to the resolution of the Shitile and Ukum crisis in Katsina-Ala and Ukum Local Government Areas (LGAs) of Zone A in the state. “This was at the time when prominent leaders and sons of Sankera had no guts to attempt a reconciliation of the warring communities. The Senator’s visit at a thanksgiving service in Gbishe and Kundav brought relative peace to the area. “ZAPA in opening their streams of accusations, alleged that the removal of Senator Chief Barnabas Gemade as then PDP National Chairman was sponsored by Senator Akume when he held sway as the Executive Governor of Benue State. “This allegation is completely unfounded as Senator Akume was rather a major contributor to Gemade’s emergence as PDP National Chairman until the Presidency at that time wanted Senator Gemade removed based on the politics of the time. “Even at that, Senator Gemade later built a cordial political relationship with Senator Akume which resulted in the re-election of Sen. Gemade in 2015 under the platform of the APC. They are currently working together to build a stronger APC against the 2023 elections. “Sen. Akume’s performance as a Senator of the Federal Republic was remarkable. He rose to become the Senate Minority Leader in 2011 and was the highest political office holder of the opposition party when the APC was formed in 2014.”, the group asserted. End