The management of Lagos State University (LASU) has, for the meantime, closed down the hostel of its College of Medicine (LASUCOM) with immediate effect. This is because three of the medical students resident in the hostel have reportedly tested positive. A statement signed by Ademola Adekoya, the Co-ordinator of the university’s Centre for Information Press and Public Relations (CIPPR) late Thursday reads: ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The Management of Lagos State University wishes to inform staff, students and the general public that three (3) students of the Lagos State University College of Medicine (LASUCOM) have tested positive for Covid-19 leading the College to immediately close down all her hostel facilities. South Korea: Court Upholds Former Leader Park Geun-hye’s 20yr Prison Sentence Inauguration Of Projects: Niger Governor Calls For More FG Assistance In addition, stakeholders are also informed that the room mates of the three students who tested positive and their associates are being tested; The College already is isolating the affected three (3) students and has commenced contact-tracing of all the affected students; The hostel facilities were immediately closed for decontamination upon confirmation of the status of the affected students; All students of the College have been advised to proceed home to self-isolate for the next fourteen (14) days from where their health status will be monitored by the College. Phone numbers/contacts of all students are already obtained to that effect; Any students showing symptoms at home are to contact the College through dedicated lines for necessary assistance/treatment; Meanwhile, the College has handed treatment packs to all the three who tested positive. The College is also providing psychological support to the three students who tested positive and their roommates. Parents, guardians and the general public are assured that the safety of all staff and students is of top priority and the Lagos State University as a whole will continue to enforce compliance with COVIDD-19 guidelines and protocols to ensure the safety of all within her campuses. Management also again enjoins all students, staff and the general public to take personal responsibility and continue to observe CCOVID-19 guidelines as the virus is real and deadly. 