A non-governmental organization, Help for Citizens Initiative (HCI) has taken a giant step by donating medical equipment/consumables to government owned hospital in Ogun State. The equipment was donated to General Hospital, Ikenne, Ogun State under the scheme tagged ‘Save A Child Project’. According to the founder of the organization, Mr. Soyoye Akinyode Solomon, who disclosed that the move is to support the activities of government to provide quality health care service. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Save a Child Project is a Health Care initiative aimed at providing sustainable solutions to issues militating against quality care by supporting the government owned hospitals in Nigeria particularly the Pediatric Emergency Wards.” Soyoye said that research has shown that lack of basic medical equipment in Pediatric Emergency Rooms (PERs) has impaired the quality of child care in government owned hospitals, and consequently, compromised the quality of care and leads to needless loss of life. SWAN Mourns As Oyo Amateur Boxing Chair, Opaleye  Dies Gov Abiodun Mourns Martins-Kuye He maintained that the project is scheduled as a sustainable strategy towards addressing the problem by donating medical equipment and consumables to Pediatric wards in selected medical centers across the geopolitical zones of the country. He said that the project is in line with United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goal, which aims to end preventable deaths of newborns and children under 5 years of age, with all countries aiming to reduce neonatal mortality to a maximum of 12 per 1000 live births and under-5 mortality rate to a maximum of 1000 live births by year 2030. Soyoye listed Pediatric Emergency Wards at General Hospital, Ikenne, Ogun State, Federal Medical Center, Owerri, Imo State, Federal Medical Center, Asaba, Delta State, Federal Medical Center, Gombe, Gombe State, Federal Medical Center, Katsina, Katsina State and Federal Medical Center, Abuja among the states that will further enjoy the gesture. He said it will be held on May 27th, 2021 to commemorate the annual Children’s Day celebration in Nigeria. The Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun, who was represented by his Senior Special Assistant, Dr. Kehinde Ololade lauded the initiative of the founder of Help for Citizens Initiative for joining hand with government to improve the health sector. Dr. Ololade, who received the donation on behalf of the state government, promised judicious use of the equipment for betterment of the children. Also in attendance during the presentation are Alhaja M. Oyefeso, who represented the state’s Commissioner for health, Dr. Segun Sanni and Mogaji Gboyega Adejumo.