The Chairman, Ogun State Teaching Service Commission (TESCOM), Evang. Olalekan Ifede, has tasked the management of Tai Solarin College of Education to introduce new training courses to enhance the academic excellence and standard f the college. Speaking during a courtesy call on him by the College management team at his Oke-Mosan office in Abeokuta, Ifede assured that the commission would collaborate with the college on capacity building of teachers. Ifede, in a statement signed by his Media Aide, Mrs. Gbonjubola Alao, said it was imperative for management of the college to deploy strategies, which would rectify the lackadaisical attitude exhibited by students who later become teachers in various schools. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Earlier, the Permanent Secretary, TESCOM, Mr. Johnson Odeyemi charged the institution to train students on Information Communication Technology, as well as the introduction of a course on Principle of Ethics and educate them on the importance of imbibing the spirit of rural adaptation to guide against future lobbying and improve knowledge impartation of students placed in their care. In their separate remarks, the Commissioners in the Commission, Hon. Adeola Akintonde, Omoba Adetokunbo Tella, Mr. Olanrewaju Majekodunmi and Hon. Joseph Adeleye, enjoined the institution to encourage the trainee teachers to exhibit more commitment to restore the lost glory of education in the State. COVID-19: ASUU Expresses Concern Over Members’ Safety NYSC Tasks Officials On Stricter Measures On COVID-19 Prevention, Safety Protocols The Commissioners warned students at the college against involvement in social vices that could jeopardize their future, saying such could be counterproductive in their role as role models to students. Responding, the Provost of the College, Dr. Lukman Adeola Kiadese thanked the TESCOM boss and the commissioners, saying that the college will collaborate with the commission to produce quality hands to take the teaching profession and education to a greater height in the state.