Assures Senate Will Against All Odds Pass PIB Upon Resumption In January 2021 Abuja- The Senate President, Ahmad Lawan, has assured that the Senate will not betray Nigerians in its avowed commitment to reposition the country’s economy. Lawan also disclosed that the economic recession bedeviling the country will be over in the 2nd quarter of 2021 with the extension of the capital implementation component of the 2020 budget. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The Senate President said this on Tuesday in Abuja at the occasion of his 62 year birthday celebration. Lawan who addressed a delegation of the Senate Press Corps and others who were on ground to commemorate with him, also revealed that the Upper Chamber will ensure the speedy passage of the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) when it resumes in January. Lawan Reveals How People In, Outside Nigeria Frustrating Passage Of PIB COVID-19: ASUU Expresses Concern Over Members’ Safety According to him, the Senate had had to stand against interests within and outside the country that were bent on scuttling the passage of the Bill. A move he maintained must be defeated in 2021 as “the demons frustrating the passage and Presidential Assent to the Petroleum Industry Bill ( PIB) within the last fourteen years , will be defeated this year by the 9th National Assembly.” He stressed that the Herculean passage of the PIB can be likened to “a demon . People both within and outside the country , are ready to work against it as they have been doing for the past fourteen years but the 9th Senate and by extension, 9th National Assembly, will defeat the demon with the current bill before both Chambers. He however applauded “The patriotic zeal , sheer determination and unity of purpose by all serving senators across party lines , to do this latest by the end of first quarter of this year, will be deployed on the bill immediately the Senate resumes on 26th of this month the way it did with Deep Offshore Oil Production Sharing Contracts.” Going forward, he disclosed that the Deep Offshore Oil Production Sharing Contracts Act facilitated by the National Assembly in 2019 has increased remittances from the sharing contracts into the federation account from $216million to $2billion on yearly basis. This he said “For 20 years, foreign forces and local collaborators , frustrated efforts to amend the Deep Offshore Oil Production Contract Act , but got defeated in October 2019 with passage of Amendment to the Act by both Chambers of the 9th National Assembly with attendant financial and economic gains for the country.” “Those against the move in 2019, even threatened to leave the country , but the 9th National Assembly stood its ground in getting the previously fraudulent Act, amended with passage of the bill which was assented to, by President Muhammadu Buhari on a Sunday in London.” He however assured the various International Oil Companies ( IOCs) , working in Nigeria that the PIB to be passed this year , will not run them out of business. “The main purpose of PIB which will later become Act , when passed and assented to , by President Muhammadu Buhari, is to make the oil sector investments friendly for both local and foreign investors with attendant economic gains for the country. “Through it , required competitive environment will be provided for businesses to grow and investors made their gains as well as Nigerians getting values for their monies and government getting more revenues ” , he explained . He added that with massive injection of budget funds into the economy, Nigeria will get out of recession in few months time . According to him, to achieve that , while implementation of the N13.588trillion 2021 budget commences this January, capital component of the 2020 budget is extended to March 31 this year as requested for by the executive. “This will no doubt , ensure injection of massive funds into the economy and get it out of recess soonest”, he said. He also declared that the reversion of budget implementation cycle in Nigeria from unpredictable ones of the past to January-December now, by both the legislature and the executive, has increased percentage of implementation and invariably delivery of dividends of democracy to Nigerian. “In 2020 for example, the government achieved 97% budget implementation performance which is the highest since 1999” he said. Speaking on the need for concerted efforts at nation building, he called on leaders to apply themselves fully towards addressing the various challenges facing the country as according to him, “there should be no excuse for leaders to fail their people.”