Ibadan- Oyo State Government has on Tuesday complemented the Federal Government initiative by flagging off the Extended Special Public Works Programme (ESPW) in Ibadan. The aim of the State government as regards the launch of the programme, according to the State Deputy Governor, Engr. Rauf Olaniyan is to address the unemployment rate across the State. Speaking at the flag off of the program, that was held at Akinyele Local Government Secretariat, Moniya, Ibadan, Engr. Rauf said that the ESPW programme was a direct attack on unemployment, stressing that the programme would go a long way in bringing succour to the living standard of the 1000 beneficiaries from Oyo state. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He stated that the programme would complement efforts of the state government in addressing the problem of unemployment. Engr. Rauf maintained that the state government would soon give letters of appointment to 5,000 teachers and over 2,000 non teaching staff as permanent workers in the service of the state. We Will Ensure Security For Investors, Their Investments- Bello Spare Us Your Tantrums, Ramblings, APC Tells PDP He noted that new medical personnel would soon be offered letters of appointment too, apart from some lawyers that have been recruited as state counsel, “all these are aiming to reduce the unemployment rate.” “So you will agree with me that this programme is actually complementing the effort of the state government in bringing the unemployment in the state to minimum level.” He further commended members of the state committee for the smooth flagged off of the programme, but noted flaw in the selection process of the committee members, saying state government should be fully carried along. According to him, only one slot was given to the state government out of nine slots, urging government to correct the lapses in the next phase of the programme. He implored the National Directorate of Employment (NDE) to use performance indicator for the participants to be able to assess the progress of the programme. He also urged the beneficiaries to see the programme as an opportunity to contribute their quarters to the nation’s building and also improve their living standard. In his short remarks at the event, the Minister of the State, in the Ministry of Labour and Employment Mr. Festus Keyamo said that ESPW was aimed at shielding the most vulnerable from the ravaging effects of COVID19 pandemic which include, “but are not limited to, pervasive hunger, poverty, environmental degradation and joblessness.” The Minister, who was represented at the occasion by Mr. Olufemi Ajao, said the programme engaged 774,000 selected unemployed Nigerians across the 774 local government areas in the country. He added that the programme which would last for three months; will provide the necessary economic palliatives to the 774,000 unemployed youths. He further disclosed that the Federal Government would closely monitor the implementation of the programme to ascertain the efficient utilization of every resource, human/materials, committed to the programme. On his part, the Director General of NDE, Mallam Nuhu Fikpo, whose address was read by the NDE coordinator in Oyo state; Mrs Olayinka Olayemi, charged every beneficiary of the programme to reciprocate the gesture of the President Mohammadu Buhari led Government, by diligently executing their assigned tasks throughout the duration of the programme. Fikpo also requested Nigerians living within all the benefiting communities to cooperate with the participants and officials as they go about their duties.