The Governorship Election Petitions Tribunal sitting in Akure, the Ondo State capital on the October 10, 2020 governor election on Tuesday continued the hearing as the governorship candidate of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Mr. Eyitayo Jegede gave evidence on oath. Jegede told the tribunal that the candidate of All Progressives Congress(APC), Mr. Oluwarotimi Akeredolu was not validly nominated by his party, APC. His prayer was that the Governor of Yobe State, who is the chairman of APC Caretaker Committee, Maina Buni, could not also function as the caretaker chairman of the APC. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Giving evidence at the election petition tribunal presided over by Justice Umar Abubakar, the PDP governorship candidate said the nomination of Akeredolu ran contrary to APC constitution and the 1999 constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. The Independent National Electoral Commission(INEC) had declared the APC governorship candidate, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu winner of the October 10, 2020 governorship election in Ondo State. Bartender Jailed Eight Years For Illegal Withdrawals From Employer’s Account COVID 19: Ekiti Sets Aside N300m For Basic Health Care Jegede had approached the tribunal praying that he should be declared winner of the election. The PDP governorship candidate on Tuesday, through the assistance of his attorney, Onyekachi Ikpeazu, tendered evidence by presenting before the tribunal state summation of the results of the election, the nomination form and the results of the 18 local governments of Ondo State. After arguments by both the attorneys of the petitioner and respondents, the evidence tendered by the PDP governorship candidate were admitted by the tribunal as exhibits. However, Lateef Fagbenmi and Akin Olujimi, who are attorneys of the respondents, told the tribunal during cross examination of the petitioner, that Jegede who is not a member of APC should not interfere in the internal affairs of the party. Charles Edosanmiwan, attorney to INEC, told the tribunal that majority of the prayers of the PDP candidate were about the APC primary and emergence of Oluwarotimi Akeredolu as the candidate of the party when he’s not a member of the party. The tribunal, however, adjourned to Wednesday.