Chief of the Naval Staff, Vice-Admiral Ibok-Ete Ibas, says the Nigerian Navy will continue to give priority to the provision of residential accommodations to bridge the housing gap for its personnel across all the commands in the country. He stated this on Tuesday during the opening of multiple projects, self-contained for senior ratings, officers’ residential blocks, floating concrete jetty, CBM institutional house and ratings’ arrival hall, at the Central Naval Command (CNC) Headquarters in Yenagoa, Bayelsa State. The event was preceded by the inauguration of a floating pontoon and shore protection wall at the naval outpost in Koluama II on the fringes of the Atlantic Ocean on Monday. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Ibas, who was represented by the Flag Officer Commanding, CNC, Rear Admiral Saidu Garba, said the events were part of activities to commemorate this year’s Armed Forces Remembrance Day. He said, “Providing residential accommodations for Nigerian Navy personnel wherever they may be deployed has become a focal priority of the Nigerian Navy in recent times. This had necessitated the need to aggressively embark on sustained infrastructural drive in order to comfortably accommodate personnel and their families. I Will Commission 10 Ongoing Infrastructural Projects This Year, Makinde Assure Oyo Residents NCAC Partners NYSC To Enhance Peace, Harmony In Nigeria “These accommodations, being dignified and respectable infrastructure, have contributed to the vision of achieving better housing for Nigerian Navy personnel.” According to him, the residential buildings would go a long way in ameliorating shortage of accommodation affecting naval personnel serving in Yenagoa area. Ibas also said that the ongoing construction of internal roads and drainages in Camp Porbeni would be completed very soon to significantly improve the aesthetics of the CNC, which was established in 2012. Ibas paid tributes to the fallen heroes and also commended the gallantry of officers engaged in various operations, particularly the ongoing onslaughts against elements of terrorism, banditry, piracy and insurgency. Governor Douye Diri, who was represented by the Commissioner for Lands and Housing, Esau Andrew, described the projects as unique and restated the readiness of his administration to partner with the navy and other security agencies to protect lives and property. The state Commissioner of Police, Mike Okoli, lauded the Nigerian Navy for embarking on the housing initiative for naval personnel, adding that the police command would always collaborate with the navy to secure the state’s waterways. Earlier, the Chief Staff Officer, CNC, Solomon Agada, had praised the commitment of the Chief of the Naval Staff to solving issues of housing for personnel. He described the CNC as the youngest command in the Nigerian Navy, noting that the realisation of the projects was ‘a very important intent’ towards providing befitting accommodations for all naval personnel serving in the Yenagoa area.