The Honourable Commissioner for Education, Mrs. Folasade Adefisayo, on Monday, led a monitoring team to assess the level of compliance and reception given to students in observance of the COVID-19 protocols as schools resumed in the state. Addressing pressmen at the end of the unscheduled tour to various schools within the State, Mrs. Adefisayo expressed satisfaction with the level of compliance of the schools, adding that the State government was concerned about the safety of students and their teachers. The Commissioner enthused that the wellbeing of students, teachers and support staff were of utmost importance, saying these necessitated the unscheduled visit and check on how learning and teaching practice is being managed amidst the pandemic.The Commissioner regretted that some students are already roaming the streets and gradually losing interest in learning, saying this is detrimental to their growth and development.According to her, the reopening of schools has been a very difficult decision amidst the COVID-19 pandemic as most vulnerable children are going through a tough time roaming the streets rather than concentrating on their academics.She tasked all stakeholders in the education industry to ensure strict adherence to all health protocols to reduce the risk of the disease and its spread to the barest minimum.According to her, no face mask no entry slogan should be enforced in every school, adding that the usual morning assembly and sporting activities have been suspended till further notice.She, therefore, emphasized that the Office of Education Quality assurance will always visit schools to ensure full adherence to the COVID-19 protocol guidelines.The Honourable Commissioner revealed that asides her visitation to schools, the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry, Tutor Generals/Permanent Secretaries of the Six Education Districts, Office of Education Quality Assurance and other top officials of the Ministry were also on the field across the State to ensure that maximum compliance and coordination is achieved. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Also speaking during a similar exercise, the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Education, Mrs. Abosede Adelaja during the tour and monitoring process appreciated the resilience and steadfastness of the teachers during this period and admonished them to monitor their health very seriously and also take up the role of enforcement and compliance to the COVID-19 protocols by students.She hinted that the bulk of these efforts lie in their hands as they are the custodians of the students while at school. Adelaja advised the administrators of the respective schools to regularly monitor their teachers and students closely, stressing that the State Government has invested enormously in the Education Sector, saying they owe it a duty to produce excellent students in academics and conduct.