The Nigerian Labour Congress, NLC, has accused the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission of colluding with electricity service providers in the country to cheat customers Comrade Ayuba Wabba, President of the Congress, slammed the regulatory body against the current increase in electricity tariff in the country. ‘’I have said time without numbers that the Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission, NERC is hand in glove with the service providers Instead of siding with the customers. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Even the very important laws that are put in place to guide such arbitrary increase have not been respected. ‘’ For instance, the customers’ forum which I remember we held in Kano where all of us resisted this particular increase because it has no basis. In fact, part of the work the committee is doing is to look at the price of gas to the generating firms to be able to bring down even the current price before this increase so basically it has certainly also bastardized the process of social dialogue”. Mararaba, Environs To Experience Power Interruption– AEDC Out-Going 2020: Not Yet Uhuru For Nigeria’s Power Sector He also accused the Federal Government of deceit and insensitivity to the plight of Nigerians at this period the Coronavirus pandemic has caused havoc to the people, adding that if the action of the government was not resisted, exploitation in the country would have no end. He added that the electricity tariff would have a toll on manufacturers in the country which would lead to job loss. He said: “This is not only condemnable but I think there is some element of deceit in it because there is a standing committee of the federal government which the electricity regulatory commission is part of it still working on how to be able to address the issue of electricity hike arising from the last hike which labour intervened. “Most of the members are not even aware of this current Increase. Basically, we are going to resist it and Nigerians must also stand up to resist it because it’s like exploitation it means that this exploitation will not have an end and when you look at the variable it is even laughable. “You are looking at the variable of Inflation, and the variable of the exchange rate which is supposed to be part of the responsibility of the government to fix. “The government ought to fix our economy and bring the exchange rate to the lowest level, same with also Inflation and therefore it is transferring inefficiency in our system by the government now to the consumers which the implication will be very severe. “Most of our manufacturers both small and medium scale will not be able to afford all of this, they have been crying and the implication is that there will be some lay off because people will now resort to importation, most of these small and medium-term enterprises will resort to importation instead of producing here at home. “It will also affect the diversification policy and certainly it will further impoverish Nigerians especially workers because currently, we are under the yoke of paying excessive charges overall services and this on this very important commodity is the worst.