LAGOS  – Retirees of treasury-funded Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) across the country, who retired up to February 2020, will have cause to smile as the Federal has released N11.8 billion pension accrued rights for the purpose under Contributory Pension Scheme (CPS). As gathered, the payment covers Federal Government’s indebtedness on accrued rights up to February 2020. For the sake of clarity, the accrued rights represent benefits for employees of Treasury Funded MDAs that worked up to June 2004, when the Pension Reformed Act was introduced. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Peter Aghahowa, Head, Corporate Communication Department, of the National Pension Commission (PenCom) who made the disclosure of the payment known yesterday, expressed appreciation of the Commission to the Federal Government at ensuring that the accrued rights arrears are cleared. With the payment, employees of the MDAs who retired up to February 2020 could now access their pensions from different pension Fund Administrators (PFAs). AfCFTA, Others To Propel Nigeria’s Growth In 2021 – Rewane Volvo Reports Strongest Second-half Sales In Company History On Pandemic Recovery It would be recalled that the President of the Federal Republic signed the Pension Reform Act 2014 (the Act) into Law on 1st July 2014. The Act repeals the Pension Reform Act No.2, 2004 and would continue to govern and regulate the administration of the uniform Contributory Pension Scheme (CPS) for both the public and private sectors in Nigeria. The following are the major highlights of the new law. Under the act, an employer is under obligation to remit pension contributions to pension fund custodians within seven days after payment of salaries; otherwise, in addition to making the remittance, the employer shall be liable to a penalty which shall not be less than 2% of the total contributions that remain unpaid for each month or part of each month that the default continues. To this end, the PRA 2014 has revised the rate of pension contribution (from 7.5% contributed equally by the employer and employee under the old law) to 8% for the employee and 10% for the employer; bringing the minimum total contributions for both parties to 18% compared to 15% previously. As contained in the 2004 legislation, an employer may choose to make the total mandatory contributions without making deductions from the salary of the employee; however, total remittance for any employer who chooses to remit without recourse to the employee must not be less than 20% of the monthly emolument of the employee. The monthly emolument is defined to mean total emolument as contained in the employee’s contract of employment, but shall not be less than the total sum of basic salary, housing and transport allowance. It is expedient to note that contributions under the CPS shall form part of tax deductible expenses in the computation of tax payable by an employer or an employee under the relevant income tax law.