Ogun State governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, on Friday com­miserated with the wife and fam­ily of the President of Animal Care Services Konsult Limited, Sir Olatunde Agbato, who died on Thursday, saying” this is a big blow to all of us in the state”. The governor, in a statement issued by his Chief Press Secre­tary, Kunle Somorin, described the death of the agriprenuer as a personal loss. “This is a huge loss for me and it would surely affect the public private partnership of our government in the agri­culture sector, a major pillar of our government’s development agenda,” he said. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The governor said the loss of this illustrious son of Ogun State saddened him because Dr. Agbato was an agriprenuer who always supported the state pro­grammeof “eatingwhatyoueat” anddevelopment of the sectorin a manner that would encourage the youth in our state. “No state would be happy to lose such an illustrious son like him. Hewas a private sector part­nerinouragricultureandbuild­ing our future together agenda. He will be sorely missed,” the governor said. COVID-19: Nigeria Plans Vaccinating 70% Of Population By End 2022 Monarch Dies, Seven Days After Gov Obiano Reinstated Him From Suspension Dr. Olatunde Aiyedun Agba­to was a worthy and illustrious son of Ogere Remo, Ikenne Lo­cal Government Area of Ogun State, a leading Agro Investor in Nigeria and one of Africa’s finest. His voyage and leadership in the poultry, eggs and allied industry, which operates from Ogere Remo, Ikenne Local Gov­ernment Area of Ogun State, with offshoots across the coun­try, the governor noted, is one of the models and successful Ag­ricultural ventures that spans decades. “His perseverance and de­termination to demonstrate profitability and ability of using Agriculturetodrivejobcreation andindustrialisation, yieldedev­ident results in his lifetime” Gov Abiodunremarked, addingthat, his organisation, Animal Care Services Konsult (Nig) Ltd, can be said to be the largest private employer of veterinariansinthe country. The governor observed that Dr Olatunde Agbato’s philan­thropy, community development Initiatives, and capacity building cut a cross his business interests.