President Trump is not expected to issue pardons for himself or his family, according to Fox News White House correspondent John Roberts. White House aides and lawyers have reportedly urged the president not to try to pardon himself or to issue preemptive pardons for members of his family, fearing that it might lead more Republican Senators to vote to convict Mr Trump in the upcoming Senate impeachment trial. No president has tried to pardon themselves while in office. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Mr Trump has already issued a pardon for one member of his extended family. He pardoned Charles Kushner, the father of Jared Kushner, but reporting suggests that he will not issue preemptive pardons for himself or his kids, despite that some of them, including Mr Trump himself, may be in legal jeopardy after he leaves office. Kebbi Gov’t. Reconstructs 1,050 Shops At N2bn, Says Gov. Bagudu New Commissioner Of Police In Adamawa Calls For Public’s Cooperation The Independent reported earlier that Mr Trump is planning to dole out up to 100 pardons and commutations of sentences, which could include some white-collar criminals, in the hours he has remaining in the White House before president-elect Joe Biden assumes office. New York prosecutors are grinding away at an investigation into Mr Trump’s business dealings that could shadow him long after he leaves office. The probe led by the Manhattan District Attorney is one of several legal entanglements likely to intensify when Mr Trump loses power, and immunity from prosecution, upon leaving the White House. Mr Trump faces two New York state inquiries into whether he misled tax authorities, banks or business partners. Two women alleging he sexually assaulted them are suing him. Some Democrats are calling for the revival of a federal campaign finance investigation that appeared to end under Attorney General Bill Barr. (SOURCE: Independent UK/AP)