Awka- The people of Ajali Town, Orumba North Local Government Area of Anambra state has welcomed a new traditional ruler in the person of HRH Eze Emesinwa Nwosu. Nwosu was the first son of the immediate past traditional ruler HRH Eze Obinali Nwosu who died 15 years ago. The Ogbuti-Oti dynasty is said to be the founder of Ajali, his palace is the home to the traditional stool of the community and succession to the throne is automatically transferred to the first son of the immediate past traditional ruler. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Past traditional rulers of Ajali include Oji-Oti, Oti-Oji, Nwafor-Oti, Aniche-Oti, Nwosu Nwafor and Obinani Nwosu. The coronation ceremony was performed by Prince Patrick Nwosu, the “Akakpa Ofor” Ogbuti-Uti and eldest man of the ruling house. IPOB, Igbo Group In Diaspora In Supremacy Battle Over Extradition Moves Moghalu Congratulates Obiozor, New Ohaneze Ndigbo President-General The presentation ceremony was witnessed by the heads of the four villages of Ajali viz Amagu, Omuabiama, Umueve and Obinikpa. Chief Austin Nwosu, a prince of the palace said the selection of Eze Emesinwa by the ‘Ime-Obi Ogbuti Uti’ was the climax of the Ajali traditional ruler succession process and that what was left was his presentation to the community and government. Austin said the plot to make the second son of the late Eze succeed him against Emesinwa who was abroad led to the delay of the succession process for 15 years. He said that the matter had been determined by a competent court which ruled in favour Ajali tradition of non- rotation of traditional ruler seat and automatic transfer of staff to heir apparent of the reigning ruler. “What has happened is the presentation of the selection made by Ime-Obi to the community. Normally in dynasty there are times when we have tussle over who should replace the Eze, there are people who would want to use money to subvert the process, that is what was going until the case went to court.” “The high court delivered judgement according to the custom and tradition of Ajali, having traced the history of Ezeship and declared that it stool rests in this palace and must go to the first son of the late ruler.” Chief Chukwunedum Enekwe, said he was happy that bad politics was not allowed to desecrate the succession process by allowing the true successor to ascend the throne. Enekwe said the presence of the heads of the four villages signifies the endorsement by the gods of Ajali and prayed that their spirits would bless the new King and give the town a lasting peace and progress. Mrs Ellion Gbinijie, a princess of the palace described the event as a pleasant end to long years of squabble. Gbinijie said Ajali the community had more crisis during the days of vacuum because some matters which would have been resolved by the Eze-In-Council were either taken to court or police. “We are happy in this palace because we have been able to install the rightful successor, since the father of the Eze died, Ajali has been in chaos because of the inability of the palace to give them the right traditional ruler.” “So for us it is the beginning of peace and greater things to come, with a king now, there will be less court cases and police cases because the Eze in council has a very efficient and acceptable way of resolving dispute,” she said. In his acceptance speech, Eze Nwosu VII said he would continue in the manner his ancestors ruled the community in their time adding that he would yield himself to their spirit for guidance. He called on the people of Ajali to support his reign and forgive one another for peace and progress of the community. He had his secondary education at Izzi High School Ebonyi, State, studied Mass Communication at Western Cape University, South Africa where he lived for three decades.