Whither Nigerian football is a rhetorical question to ask at this point in time in the country. I doubt if there is any stakeholder of the game in the country that can claim ignorance of the answer to this question. For any stakeholder to claim ignorance of the fact that the country’s football has lost direction is hypocrisy. The country has witnessed its best football days decades back; it is only living in the past. Football is experiencing its worst season now. Ade Ojeikere, Sports Editor of the Nations newspaper, summed up the plight of Nigerian football in an article entitle, “Whither Nigerian Coaches,” in 2019 thus, “The good days of Nigerian football are gone. Gone are the days when you struggled through the turnstiles to gain entrance into the stadium – six hours before the kick-off. In fact, you dared not come to the stadium at 2 PM on match days hoping to get a ticket.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! There was passion for the game then. Nigerians love football and they made no pretense about that. Quality display by the Super Eagles and other national teams helped, in no small measure, in cementing their love for the game. One thing is sure, Nigerians hate to lose and the Super Eagles are always there to wet their appetite with quality display. At home, they throng the football stadiums that dot the landscape in droves to watch either any of the national teams or any of the football clubs taking part in continental inter-club competitions. The league was of high quality and Nigerians can identify with the clubs of their choice. Call it traditional teams if you like. They have their followers. Rangers International of Enugu, Bendel Insurance of Benin, Racah Rovers of Kano; Stationary Stores of Lagos; IICC Shooting Stars of Ibadan. There are also Asabatext, Spartans of Owerri; Mighty Jets of Jos; NEPA of Lagos; Calabar Rovers; ACB. Just name them. ‘From US White House To Nut House – Only One Step’ Will Trump Attend Biden’s Inauguration? Coup In The Capitol Hill And The Divided States Of America (2) The final of the Challenge Cup, then, was like a festival. Organasation of the league and other competitions were excellent. Grassroots football was given pride of place. The various states of the federation organise the Principals’ Cup where young talents are discovered. In those days, one can vouch for the ages of the players on parade. They were mostly school children. It was the Principals’ Cup in Lagos that Late Stephen Keshi, Henry Nwosu (MON), Humphrey Edobor, Tarila Okorowanta, among others were discovered. We also need to add that then, the economy was in great shape. Nigerians can afford to part with the gate fees without feeling the pinch. But not so today. Going to stadiums to watch football matches then was fun. It was an opportunity to wine and dine with friends. Insecurity was not an issue then. However, the good old days are long gone. It is a sad commentary, but that is the truth. If you like believe it and if you like don’t. The Super Eagles no longer command that fear  in African football; No longer that dreaded team in Africa. Nigerian clubs have long lost their power to sting in Africa’s Inter-Club competition. In the days of yore, the worst performance of Nigerian clubs is qualifying for the semi-final of their competitions. But today they hardly go past the first round. The results of our past inactivity-our deliberate refusal to develop the game- is not only staring us in the face, it is beginning to hunt us. It is hunting us through the poor performances that our national teams and football clubs are churning out now and then. Mutiu Adepoju, former Super Eagles midfielder, confirm the above in an interview during the week while commenting on Golden Eaglets qualification for the semifinal of WAFU Zone B tournament. “Something is fundamentally wrong with our youth development policy because our U-23 failed to qualify for the Olympics. Also, the Flying Eagles were eliminated at the WAFU tournament and now the Golden Eaglets survived not on the strength of themselves. “There is something we are not getting right at this level and the earlier we check this, the better for us,” he said. The saying that he who fails to plan plans to fail, best encapsulate Nigerian football with regards to the country’s performance in the CAF inter-club tournaments. For some time now, failure has become a regular feature of Nigerian football rather been the exception. Failure should be one off thing, but today, it has become a regular feature. Hardly do our national teams at all levels win games. Victory has become something we have to pray for. It is no longer given that we will always win. For example, the Super Eagles failed to win a single in 2020. Of the four games, they lost one and drew the remaining three. Failure to develop the game is reason why the country has consistently prosecute under age football competitions with players of questionable ages. Grassroots football where talents are discovered and nurtured to stardom has been thrown overboard. The so called academies that dot the landscape are just there to get players for European clubs. Nigerian football clubs are yet to imbibe the culture of having under age teams as obtained in Europe. Exodus of players to Europe has, to a great extent, contributed to the dearth of Nigerian football. Whether one likes it or not, stars pull fans to the stadiums. But this has been missing largely due to the exodus of players. Fans no longer derive satisfaction from thronging the stadium to watch their darling teams. The ownership structure where clubs are owned by state government is the biggest singular reason why Nigerian football has refused to grow. This factor has helped in killing players’ morale since their welfare is not priority. This has fuelled the exodus of players to Europe and Asia and even other African countries.