Dr Sam Uche Anyamele , Founder And Chief Executive Officer of Sua-Global Infinity Concepts, in this interview with IKECHI NZEAKO, argued that government should reduce tax on small business and give grants to young people to start business. Excerpts: Tell us about Sua-Global infinity Concepts? We provide solutions in the entertainment industry; we are also into events management and organisation. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! We are also into production of events. How has the company fared? NAMB Assures Microfinance Banks Customers Of Effective Service FG Should Remove Import Duty On Raw Materials, Machinery –Iche We have been doing what we can within our capacity but we have not done as much as we desired. However, we are strategising for the New Year and hoping that all things will work together for our good. What is your assessment of the industry? Activities in the industry are determined by the number of events and holidays. But with the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic in the country and globally, the situation became terrible for the business leading to fewer activities and loss of revenue. We had to creatively get around the situation in order to stay in business. What qualities does one need to possess in order to succeed in the industry? You need to have character in terms of delivering service to clients and managing finances. You need to be consistent and reliable in way the way you relate to clients and other stakeholders in the industry. If you are given a responsibility to organise an event, you should know that the success of that event depends on you and you should execute diligently. You tried to access a bank loan to expand the business? I have not tried to access any loan, but I know that there are some out there one can access. I did not try because I did not want to put myself under any form of pressure. What policies and programmes should government put in place to make the environment friendlier to business? The government has been doing something in that direction but they need to do more. It needs to reduce inflation and give grants and loans to young people so they can start their own businesses. They should reduce tax that small businesses pay. How has the security situation affected the industry? Before the advent of the pandemic, many people and organisations used to organize event and the industry boomed. But with current situation coupled with the security situation, the number of events has gone down. Only a few people and organization hold events in the country now because of insecurity. What is your advice to the youths? The youths should take the challenge and better the situation they find themselves; they should not look for whom to pass on the blame. They should contribute their quota to the development of society.