ABAKALIKI  – Despite the availability of new rice in the market, the price of the popular Abakaliki rice has continued to skyrocket, just as the politicians are alleged to be responsible for the steady increase for buying in large quantities as palliative measures for their families and constituents, DAILY INDEPENDENT investigation revealed. Previously, the price of Abakaliki rice used to come down between the Month of November and December, at a time when farmers harvest their new rice produce. But investigations have revealed that the public were disappointed this season, as the price of rice, rather increased between the months of November and December, 2020 till date. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The prices of species of Abakaliki rice such as mass jumped from N10,000 to N12,000 per 50kg bag, while SP or 306 which was sold at N9000 per 50kg bag was jerked up to N11,000 and above. Unfortunately, the price of Abakaliki rice has kept increasing on a daily basis in the last few months. 70bn Self-Generated Electricity: Organised Private Sector, Labour Call For MYTO Revisal FG Partners Microsoft Corporation To Boost Economic Sustainability Plan A visit to the Abakaliki rice mill on at the weekend revealed that the price of rice was still going up, at a time buyers expected it to come down. Traders who interacted with the INDEPENDENT revealed that it would be difficult for the price of rice to come down any time soon, adding that with the second wave of COVID-19, there was every possibility that the current price might triple in the months ahead. According to them, government, individuals and corporate organizations may come to buy rice to distribute as palliatives for the citizens, as was done when the pandemic broke out, last year, 2020. They also explained that due to high demands from government and politicians from the Ebonyi and outside, rice has become a luxury; noting that rice farmers and sellers has since taken advantage of the situation, to detriment of the poor masses. One of the traders, Mr Alube Nworie told our Reporter that the price of rice would never come down again, because of its high demands. He said the ban on sell of foreign rice by Ebonyi State government also contributed to the increase in the cost of Abakaliki rice. Another trader who identified himself simply as Okoro said Abakaliki farmers no longer produce rice in large quantity due problem of pests, adding that many farmers had abandoned rice farming business because of the losses they had incurred in the Past.