BENIN – Comrade Aiya­menkhue Edokpo­lo, a chieftain of the All Progres­sives Congress (APC) in Edo State, has appealed to Nigerians to support Pres­ident Muhammadu Buhari to restore confidence in the nation’s public institutions in 2021. Edokpolo, who made the call during a media briefing in Benin City, said it had be­come necessary to solicit the support of Nigerians, to be patriotic, patience and tolerate Mr. President to enable him reposition the country for the greater good of all. Edokpolo said: “I re­spectfully call on President Buhari, having regards to his admittance to the insuf­ficient in the dividends of democracy to Nigerians by his administration and our party (the APC) – to jack up proactive measures aimed at rapid resuscitation of confidence in the judiciary, armed forces, the Nigeria Police, and the civil service generally. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “There are a number of viable and sustainable roadmap to our econom­ic rediscovery as well as overhaul of our security superstructure lying fal­low in respective federal secretariat buildings, it is high time these recommen­dations or reports are given desired Federal Executive Council approvals and im­plementation. “Decongestion of our ports system is overdue. Just one Federal Executive Council resolve or directive will catapult the moribund ports in Niger Delta to res­urrect from dearth to live­lihoods. Improved Budgeting System Will Curb Deficit Financing – Economist Crisis Over Appointment Of lmo Traditional Rulers’ Chairman “Over concentration of our oort system in Lagos is antithetical to any pro­found economic and nation­al security master plan, and it has far reaching negative consequences on Lagos State and Nigeria at large. “MDAs deserving of mergers in accordance with peculiarity of challeng­es and needs assessment should be executed in ac­cordance with internation­al best practices. We can’t keep doing things over and over under the guise of tra­dition and expect different results.”While counting on Mr. President’s assurance to address the five-point demands of the #EndSARS protesters, I respectful­ly urge the President to ensure impactful justice, equity and fairness in all matters of governance. “Nigerians expect a more cosmopolitan posture from the Presidency in all mat­ters relating to public ad­ministration and its deliv­erables unlike the seeming hidebound tendencies of the past. “My party, the ruling All Progressives Congress has the desirable democratic pedigree to reposition the fortunes of our country, de­spite the seeming galloping trends in programmes im­plementation, and like the imperfection in all human organisations, only con­certed support across board can pull us through to our collective aspirations,” he noted. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION