Oyo State Security Network Agency, otherwise known as Amotekun has arrested two persons in connection with sowing fake uniform of the corps to members of the public. The commandant of the security outfit, Col. Olayinka Olayanju (rtd), disclosed this when he made a telephone call on Southwest Political Circuit, an interactive programme on Fresh FM 105.9. He said some unscrupulous persons were arrested around Challenge area of Ibadan, the state capital, adding that they have been handed over to the police for further investigation. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to him, “We heard these people were sowing and selling the fake Amotekun uniform to some people particularly at Lagelu area and we are presently at the area to uncover the truth. “Our fear is that if the uniforms get to the wrong hands and they use them to commit crimes, people will believe it is the handiwork of real Amotekun personnel. We are really afraid of this development because bad news spreads more quickly than good news”. Create More Business -Friendly Environment In Plateau, German Agency Tasks Lalong Aguleri -Umueri Clash: Two Feared Killed, Houses, Vehicles Burnt He urged residents to cooperate with the outfit by providing useful and timely information, explaining that measures have been put in place to check the excesses of members of the corps. He assured that any member of the corps found violating the rule of his or her engagement will be dealt with. It would be recalled that the Oyo State Government had earlier apprehended a middle aged man who was allegedly impersonating recruitment officers of the regional security outfit in the state as well as some people parading themselves as members of the corps Investigation revealed that the arrest of the perpetrators followed the confession of some people arrested while posing as members of the corps. The corps then launched a sting operation led by Amotekun Agency’s 2’C, Comrade Kazeem Babalola which led to the arrest of the distributor, Alhaja Oluwakemi Akehusola in Ido LGA of Oyo state while she was supplying the fake kits to middlemen. Further investigations led to the arrest of the producer of the uniforms Mr. Mathew Adaranijo, C.E.O of Needle Point Limited, Challenge, Ibadan. Investigation revealed that Alhaja Oluwakemi Akehusola, a 66-year-old woman who doubles as one of the logistics officers of the Vigilante Group of Nigeria. She confessed to her crime and explained she has supplied samples of the Amotekun Corps’ Uniforms to some individuals in Oyo state. She however appealed to the authorities to temper justice with mercy. On his part, Mr Adaranijo, confessed that he produced the fake kits, noting that he was reluctant to produce it when his accomplice introduced the business to him. He, however, admitted that Alhaja Akehusola provided no evidence that she had been contracted to produce Amotekun Corps uniform. .