LAGOS  – The Federal Government through the Ministry of Aviation has selected the Consortium of A J Walters Leasing Limited and Glovesly Pro-Project Limited as the preferred bidders for the impending Aviation Leasing Company (ALC). The government also shortlisted A J Walters Aviation Limited, EgyptAir Maintenance & Engineering (EGME) and Glovesly Pro-Project Limited as the preferred bidders to establish the Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) centre. The government also said that in compliance with the Infrastructure Concession Regulatory Commission (ICRC) guidelines, a delegation from the Federal Ministry of Aviation, ICRC and the Transaction Advisers (TA) would conduct a physical due diligence exercise on the preferred bidders at their operational premises soon. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! A statement by the ministry, said that the selection of the preferred bidders followed the evaluation of the proposals submitted by bidders in response to the request for proposals for the Aviation Leasing Company (ALC) and the Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) centre. A J Walters Leasing (AJW Leasing) is the leasing subsidiary of A J Walter Group. The company optimises airline fleet strategies by leasing aircraft engines and spare parts. GAT Records 6,261 Aircraft Movement In H2 Of 2020 AfDB Set To Support Africa’s Flagship Climate Initiative With $6.5bn The statement hinted that this flexible approach was particularly beneficial for small to medium sized airlines seeking to maintain competitive advantage, manage cash and strictly control operational costs for maximum profitability. The government said that AJ Walters Leasing manages a substantial portfolio of leases and has a customer base of 22 airlines in more than 20 countries, while Glovesly Pro-Project Limited is an indigenous and integrated company incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. It said the company has the capacity and the capability to contribute to the challenging and growing requirements in the aviation industry, communication, power sector, building construction, civil engineering, road construction and general procurement. According to the statement, the ALC would be structured as a Joint Venture (JV) between the Federal government and the private investor, while the business model would be, in the short term, to lease aircraft from international lessors and subsequently sub-lease to African airlines. It said the long-term plan was to acquire, own and lease aircraft directly to African airlines. The statement added: “AJ Walter Aviation Ltd provides supply, exchange, repair, and lease of commercial aircraft spare parts. Founded in 1961, the company offers total repair process management, logistics, transport, engineering, and aircraft project management services to clients worldwide. “EgyptAir Maintenance & Engineering (EGME) is a Leading MRO in the Middle East and Africa offering Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) services to commercial aircraft, engines and components, with a customer base of over 81 airlines. “Glovesly Pro-Project Limited is an indigenous and integrated company incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. The company has the capacity and the capability to contribute to the challenging and growing requirements in the aviation industry, communication, power sector, building construction, civil engineering, road construction and general procurement.” The government reiterated that the MRO facility would be sited at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, adding that it would also run through Public Private Partnership (PPP) using the Build, Operate and Transfer model. It emphasised that the MRO would have the capacity to service both narrow body (jet and turboprop) and wide body aircraft. Also, the government said that negotiations between the government and the bidders would follow suit, after which the Full Business Case for each project would be submitted and approved by the ICRC and the Federal Executive Council (FEC). “Subsequently agreements will be signed between the preferred bidders and the Federal Government of Nigeria and implementation of the projects are expected to commence by the third quarter of 2021.”