ABUJA- A group, Coalition of Plateau Mothers’ Forum, has raised an alarm that some opposition political forces in Plateau State are mobilizing youths to stage protest against the government and the Operation Safe Haven, over alleged killing of two persons in Riyom local government area. Recall that two persons were allegedly killed in mysterious circumstances in Riyom local government area, while some political stakeholders in the state have allegedly fingered the security operatives of being responsible. But the Mothers’ forum has warned their children against coming out to take part in the planned protest supposedly slated for tomorrow, Monday 18. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! In a statement, on Sunday, which was made available to Daily Independent, the Plateau Mothers’ Forum alleged that the planned protest was being bankrolled by “desperate politicians” seeking relevance ahead of the 2023 elections.” They called on the youths not to fall prey to the antics of the “failed politicians”, who according to them,” were trying to revive their political machinery using the recent unfortunate killing of two youths in Riyom Local Government Area of the state by unknown gunmen. Fayemi’s Aide After My Life – Lere Olayinka BREAKING: Kano State Government Insist Schools Resumes Tomorrow The statement which was signed by the forum’s National Coordinator, Barr. (Mrs) Rebeca Pam and the Programme Officer, Dr (Mrs) Grace Dakok,said the governor and the security outfit had done so much to enthrone peace in the state,emphasising that the peace and tranquillity currently being enjoyed by residents of the state were as a result of the relentless efforts of the governor and OPSH and other security agencies. While they commended the governor for what they called his “investment in the peace and security of citizens”, the group also lauded OPSH over its massive onslaught against kidnapping and other criminal activities in the state. The statement read in part, “It has come to our attention that some desperate politicians who have lost relevance not only in their constituencies but also the state, are mobilizing some misguided youths to protest against the state government and security agencies especially Operation Safe Haven who have done so so much to the glory of God and to the shame of the devil, over an instigated isolated killings of two young men in Riyom Local Government Area of the state just to blackmail the government and security agencies. “This is unacceptable and we must not fall for their antics. “We sympathize with the families and people of Riyom Local Government Council. “We call on the youths on the Plateau not to allow themselves to be used by these desperate and failed politicians. “That era where misguided youths were being used by self-seeking politicians has passed. The state has moved on from hypocrisy and sycophancy,hence we cannot allow ourselves to be used as destructive agents in the hands of local failed politicians who have obviously lost touch with their constituents and are trying to lunch themselves back because of 2023 using the plight of the people anymore. “Governor Simon Lalong and the security agencies have done so much in the area of peace and security in the state. This is evident in the uncommon peace we are experiencing on the Plateau today. “Once upon a time, at least, 10 to 20 people were being killed in our communities on weekly basis but for some time now, except for some instigated and isolated killings by criminals in few villages, the state is very calm. “We advise these politicians to use the money they want to use to mobilize the youths to sink boreholes, give students scholarships and organize medical outreaches for their people”.