Australia is this week due to start setting up a special unit to investigate possible war crimes by its forces in Afghanistan. The criminal investigation follows a shocking report in November that found evidence of serious abuses possibly amounting to war crimes by members of the Australian Special Forces in Afghanistan between 2005 and 2016. These include unlawful killings of civilians and a practice called “blooding” where new recruits were ordered to execute prisoners. The report, known as the Brereton report after Justice Paul Brereton who led it, was the result of a four-year administrative inquiry commissioned by the military itself. It recommended that 19 individuals be referred for criminal investigation and possible prosecution. After the September 11, 2001 attacks in the United States, more than 26,000 Australian military were sent to Afghanistan to fight alongside US and allied forces against the Taliban, Al-Qaeda and other Islamist groups. Australian combat troops officially left the country in 2013, but a series of often-brutal accounts have emerged about the conduct of these elite units, leading to the Brereton Inquiry. Under intense pressure to act, Australia’s liberal (centre-right) Prime Minister Scott Morrison announced the appointment of a Special Investigator. A government press release on December 16 named him as Mark Weinberg, a former Commonwealth (federal) Director of Public Prosecutions, and said the Office of the Special Investigator (OSI) would start work on January 4. The OSI’s Director-General will be Chris Moraitis, current Secretary of the Attorney-General’s Department. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Another Proposed Nude Party Aborted, To Be Investigated See Your Job As Divine Calling, Kogi CJ Urges New Judges These two key figures are well-respected in legal circles and their appointment seems to indicate that the government is taking its responsibilities seriously, says Donald Rothwell, a professor of international law at the Australian National University in Canberra. But the OSI will face a number of challenges. “There’s always going to be difficulty for a domestic criminal system to investigate and prosecute an international crime that sees witnesses based in Australia but also in Afghanistan,” Rothwell says. “There are going to be significant issues in terms of gathering evidence to meet appropriate evidentiary standards in an Australian court. That becomes a real critical point in terms of how well resourced the OSI is.” He says the Brereton report is a good foundation for the Special Prosecutor’s work, but his office will have to retake evidence and “there is no guarantee that serving or former military personnel who were willing to give evidence to the Brereton Inquiry would be as willing to come forward in a formal criminal investigation”. Lawyer Rawan Arraf, director of the Australian Centre for International Justice, a not-for-profit legal organisation, agrees that the Office of the Special Investigator “will have many challenges ahead, including undertaking investigations in Afghanistan, re-investigating cases from the administrative Inquiry to a criminal standard, considering which cases to bring, which cases that weren’t investigated should be investigated, considering the issues coming out of the Inquiry such as immunities and special privileges that were accorded to witnesses in the Inquiry, and the issue of investigating command responsibility”. An issue of immunity is also linked to investigating command responsibility. Military personnel who gave testimony to the Brereton inquiry were given immunity in order to “break the code of silence”, she says. It seems, according to Arraf, that the OSI must also respect that immunity, but there could be legal challenges to this. The OSI might have to choose, for example, whether to go after a junior officer, or respect his immunity in order to gather evidence against a senior one. The Brereton report is heavily redacted, but it appears that the individuals referred for investigation are “ordinary soldiers”, although members of these special forces are all regarded as military elite, explains Rothwell. Senior commanders have so far escaped scrutiny under the Brereton report, but this is a subject of public and political concern since some may well have directed junior officers to execute prisoners, for example. In some instances it has also generated “disbelief that the senior commanders did not have an awareness of these matters”, Rothwell says. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION