LAGOS – The Abuja Chamber of Commerce and Industry has commended the declaration of President Muhamma­du Buhari to frontally address chal­lenges of insecurity in relation to the economic revival of the nation. The declaration, which was made by the president in his New Year speech on Friday, January 1 included a promise to re-energise and reorga­nise the security apparatus and per­sonnel of the security and military services. In a statement signed by Alhaji Al-Mujtaba Abubakar, FCA, Pres­ident, Abuja Chamber of Com­merce and Industry (ACCI), which was made available to Saturday INDEPENDENT, the group noted that the president’s declaration is a welcome one, seeing as there is an urgent need to enhance capacity to engage, push back and disman­tle the operations of both internal and external extremist and crimi­nal groups waging war against our communities. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to the statement, “There is a nexus between insecurity and economic downturn especially with respect to the agricultural sector. Inse­curity especially in some parts of the northern region constitutes a serious threat to the operations and activities of farmers and farming firms. Tack­ling insecurity will thus enhance the administration’s goal of revamping the economy through the national economic diversification agenda that supports the primary goal of national food self-sufficiency.” The statement further lauded the administration’s desire to continue the rebuilding of the country’s national infrastructure base with the introduc­tion, modernisation, and expansion of the railway system, national roads and bridges both in rural and urban centres, alongside the airports and seaports. New Year Tragedy: Bus Driver Shot Dead In Benin Volkswagen Mechanic Shot Dead In Benin This they believe will help to bridge the infrastructural deficit that would help the nation compete at global stan­dards. The group, however, urged the President Buhari-led administration to diversify financing sources for crit­ical transport projects while opening up the railway sector for private sector investment. In addition, the chamber added that the administration must also look into resolving power sector hiccups while fulfilling the promise to focus on a se­ries of special interventions designed to boost job creation and support the entrepreneurial drive of youths. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION