The level of carnage and damages caused by overloaded trucks plying our highways has reached alarming proportions, becoming the biggest source of worries and nightmares for officials of traffic regulating agencies, road managers, policy makers in government and the general public, Commander ‘Seni Ogunyemi, Corp Commander/CEO, Traffic Compliance and Enforcement Corp, Ogun State has said. Speaking on the renewed effort of his agency to tackle this menace headlong, Commander Ogunyemi, noted that overloaded truck offences is largely common in Nigeria, because the axle-load control and enforcement is poor, and fuelled by the over dependence on the road system, putting immense and intense pressure on its highways. According to him, the rippling effect is that governments at all levels in the country are compelled to give a chunk of capital budgetary allocations into road constructions, maintenance and repairs annually. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said: “Overloading of trucks is now a common scene on Nigeria roads and particularly on Ogun roads, it is not surprising to see vehicles carrying as much as twice the legally permissible axle loads on the roads. “The collapse of the railway system of the Nigerian transport sector, before the current effort to revive it has given rise to the number of road commuters and as well as the movement of goods and services on the roads. This overdependence on road transportation gave room for the overwhelming challenges we now find, leading to breakdown of law and order and every modicum of sanity required to have a flawless road transport industry operations. Driver’s Licence Racketeering Now Very Difficult – Muhammad We Put Premium On Safety Of Containers In Transit – Kamaldeen “For many reasons, as a responsible traffic regulatory agency, we decided to tackle this menace headlong. Firstly, we discovered from our data that overloaded trucks are more involved with road crashes than others, crashes involving them are often fatal, and most importantly it accelerates the deterioration of the roadway, leading to depression, fatigue, cracking, and in most instances, leading to structural failure of the roads. Explaining further, Seni said: “It is also essential for those responsible for the maintenance of highway infrastructures to monitor and prevent overloading, and we are collaborating in Ogun state to achieve that.” It would be recalled that, immediately after Dapo Abiodun was sworn in as the fifth Executive Governor of Ogun State, he took a tour of the 236 wards across the state to ascertain the state of roads and what he saw was not pleasurable to him. He immediately ordered work to begin with a view to making roads across the state accessible, despite the meager financial resources at the government’s disposal. According to him, “My mission is to improve productivity, mobility and connectivity through the provision of adequate physical road infrastructure across the state with particular emphasis on the rural areas.” In fulfillment of that mission, Governor Abioudun rehabilitated Itoikin-Ibefun-Ijebu Ode road, Iperu-Ilisan road, Sango-Ojodu Abiodun road, Ilaro-Owode road, Abeokuta-Sango-Ota-Lagos road, Osi-Ota-Ray Power road, Osi-Navy-IKola road, and Balogun Kuku road in Ijebu Ode. Speaking specifically about the 2Km, Osi-Ota-Ray Power road, and the 1.92Km, Ikola/Navy-Osi-Ota road, Ogunyemi said: “These are roads constructed to pass through suburban border communities in Ogun state to link neighbouring communities in Lagos state, and only four tyre vehicles are allowed to ply those roads with traffic signage conspicuously erected in different sections of the road by our agency to indicate that heavy duty vehicles are barred from the roads, yet, you would find these heavy duty trucks with overloaded contents forcing their ways to and fro those roads.” “Kudos to our command in Ado-Odo-Ota, for doing a yeoman’s job in controlling the tide of these recalcitrant truck drivers, who could shorten the lifespan of these newly, constructed roads. The crossbars constructed and erected to block these trucks when our men are not ground have since been destroyed and some wholly removed from the positions where we erected them.” Ogunyemi posited. Ogunyemi further said: “I’m in full support of the recent plans of the federal government to construct weighbridges across the country to checkmate excessive overloading of vehicles plying federal roads, the weighbridges according to the report will use electronic or digital monitor to determine the weight of goods being conveyed by a vehicle.” “Sanctions would be imposed for non-compliance with standards adding that, sanctions ranged from fines to outright impounding of the vehicles for constant offenders including prosecution in the court.” Ogunyemi empsasised. Femi Alawaye, A resident of Sango-Ota, who reads my column regularly, sent me a whatsapp message with the following complain, “I would like to draw your attention to what I consider to be the worst road abuses occurring on our roads on a daily basis, especially here in Osi-Ota, requiring public attention and proactive action to stem the brewing hard times, we the community dwellers are going through in respect to the newly constructed Navy and Ikola roads, which has been overtaken by heavy duty trucks despite the laws in place barring them. “We have suffered untold hardship occasioned by these trucks especially when a breakdown of these trucks occurs, we suffer lots of traffic build ups and the most intriguing are the number of casualties emanating from the very many accidents involving them on these roads”,Femi laments. According to Engineer Gbenga Animashaun, Task Force Officer, Truck Owners Association of Nigeria, TOAN, said: “It is unfortunate in this country to find some trucks originally designed and manufactured to operate what we call, single tractor unit, built for lower tonnage haulage being converted to convey higher tonnage, which the engine capacity, and axle weight cannot support. “It is also unfortunate that you will still find trucks manufactured and operating from the seventies on our roads. The chassis have been panel beaten, welded and patched in several places, yet you find them on the road still conveying massive amounts of cargo on our roads, in fact it is these trucks you will find overloaded at most times.” He said. Felix Adejoh, Transport Development Director, Toplex Group, also said, “Haulage companies in a bid to maximize profits, will agree to subject their frail, old, and weather beaten trucks into loading cargoes which far outweighs its capacity and without blinking an eyelid will put them on the road to dear the risk. “It has been calculated that Nigeria sank a staggering sum of over fifteen billion Naira (N15 billion) in the development of road transport between 1960 and 1990. This investment represented roughly 20% of the nation’s capital expenditure budget. This figure clearly shows the importance the government attaches to this subsector of the economy.” He said with the huge investment on road infrastructure the enforcement of the load carrying capacity on roads should commence soon in line with federal government directive. He added that the government should also be worried about the accidents and loss of lives and property due to overloading.” “It is not the matter of having the weight bridges on the road alone, even if the truck owner knows the tonnage or axle load of your vehicle so you should not go beyond that, if you go beyond the axle load, sanctions should be applied. Adejoh said. In the month of November last year the federal government began sensitisation of stakeholders against Trucks Overloading, addressing the Lagos stakeholders, Kayode Popoola, Federal Controller of Woks, Lagos state, Federal Ministry Of Works and Housing, said, “Today, the Nigerian roads are subject to some of the worst form of abuses, especially by stakeholders who are supposed to spearhead the preservation, protection and elongation of their lifespan. “For instance, the weight of cargoes driven on the road by operators of haulage services per trip is far above the acceptable limits. ” The acceptable weight limit is 33 tons per loaded truck, but you will find the average truck loaded with cargoes ranging between 60 – 85 tons in transit, exerting excessive pressure on the roads and overstretching it beyond acceptable limits. “Soon you find the road becoming depressed leading to cracks that will be further aggravated by other environmental hazards like the rain, wind and sun. “The activity of overloaded trucks has been identified as one of the leading causes of road damage and failure, which must be addressed frontally. He said. Popoola added that the meeting was convened to set standards and establish procedures for the control of dimensions, weight and axle load of heavy duty goods transport vehicles plying federal highways. He explained that sanctions would be imposed for non-compliance with standards adding that, sanctions ranged from fines to outright impounding of the vehicles for constant offenders including prosecution in the court. Mr President has already signed it and it has been gazetted, we want to preserve all assets of the federal government and road is one of them, he said.