Dr. Limota Goroso, Executive Director, International Women Communication Centre (IWCC) Nigeria, has urged  President Muhammadu Buhari to open the space for younger generation in the Federal Civil Service. Goroso made the call on Thursday at the official inauguration of the IWCC Women Training Centre in Ajase-Ipo, Irepodun Local Government Area of Kwara. The director said this would enable youths to inject new ideas and innovations that would impact on governance and policy implementation ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! She said that young and talented youths needed to be given opportunities to take over from the old hands in driving the public service for efficient service delivery. “I want to urge President Muhammadu Buhari to open the “space for job creation”. Let the civil service be driven by new ideas and innovations of young and talented youths. Lagos Govt Pegs 2021 Budget At N1.164 Trn Benue Group Lapoons ZAPA Over Leaked Audio “Let our graduates get jobs in the civil service by creating extra-tables and chairs to accommodate new hands and new knowledge,” she said The women rights advocate, threfore, said that Nigerians should support the President to succeed, saying if he succeeds, Nigeria will succeed. She said that there was need to work together on things that will unite the nation and make it a better place for all and sundry. On the facility, Goroso said that the idea to establish the centre in Ajae-Ipo was conceived out of her genuine love for humanitarian services and improvement in the lives of women folks. According to her, the duration of training for the first intakes will be four to six months and at no cost to the students. The Olupo of Ajase-Ipo, Oba Sikiru Atanda, who inaugurated the facility urged the 20 female trainees to be up and doing and avoid absenteeism. The traditional ruler advised the intakes to exhibit seriousness throughout the duration of the training. He lauded the IWCC leadership for deeming it fit to create a branch of the centre in his domain, pointing out that it would enhance economic status of the area as soon as they start putting the knowledge acquired into use. Mrs Afusat Ibrahim, Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Women Affairs and Social Development, Kwara,  emphasized the importance of women in the society, saying that they have been responsible for the upkeep of matrimonial homes. Ibrahim noted that the present administration in the state had set the pace in giving female folk sense of belonging in the scheme of things. The permanent secretary commended IWCC for its positive impact and contribution to development of women in the society.