LAGOS  – There is no denying the fact that in Nigeria, where some people consider fair skin more desirable than dark, that the cosmetics industry is by each passing day responding by producing a wide range of skin-lightening products, and with great success. But, when these companies pitch their creams in ads that seem to portray fair-skinned people as somehow superior to those with darker skin colors, the question on whether marketers are not crossing a line becomes indispensable. The media space is replete with Cream makers’ responses that say they are merely meeting a market. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Their response no doubt has no doubt been further with the rising number of hoisted billboards across busy highways. Ostensibly dismissing the foregoing as unjustified, consumer protection bodies and activists argue that these companies have an ethical responsibility to avoid marketing products in a way that could perpetuate a skin color bias, and in the same vein jeopardise the collective health of targeted consumers. Apprehension Over Hike In Bread Price As Bakers Blame Production Costs Face-To-Face Sales Techniques Strengthen Relationships With Customers That said, if you take a stroll down the Lagos/Ibadan Expressway from Kara to Wawa axis, in Ogun State; which is quite proximate to Lagos, there is a high chance you will give a passing glance to cluster of billboards that are few meters apart hoisted in between the stretch of the median advertising a variety of skin lightening products. The same scenario, no doubt, also plays out in other strategic locations across the country thereby strengthening the widely held notion that Nigeria is one of the largest markets for bleaching products in sub Saharan Africa. How factual it is should in this context be left for another day. At this juncture, it is expedient to recall that the Nigeria’s National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC), in January last year warned of cancerous effects of bleaching, and emphasised that many skin whitening products in the market can cause skin cancer and kidney failure. Prof. Mojisola Adeyeye, the Agency’s Director General, gave the warning on Thursday, January 24, 2019, in Abuja, saying: “In Nigeria we have a lot of use of dangerous chemicals.’’ “One is Glutathione used as an injection. People inject it under their skins, with a promise that they will be lighter in a week or two. “From Glutathione injection to other chemicals, the reason why we are so concerned about Glutathione is because it can cause skin cancer. It can cause kidney dysfunction and failure and this is what young people don’t know. “First, philosophically I don’t know why somebody wants to bleach their skin, you should be proud of your colour because, when you cross that threshold of desiring to be lighter, problems are associated with it,” she said. Adeyeye said the agency’s Investigation and Enforcement Directorate would continue its surveillance to raid stores of illegal and unregistered whitening chemicals. The foregoing no doubt is just one among plethora of warnings and public enlightenments that are been carried out by the agency which a wide spectrum of consumers in the bleaching cream market have ostensibly refused to pay heed to. For many years now, creams containing hydroquinone appear to have been regarded as products that pose challenges to regulatory bodies and medical experts. The reason for being seen in that light cannot be far-fetched as creams that contain hydroquinone are by each passing day becoming both buyers’ and sellers’ delight as well as being considered to be among consumer goods that sell quickly at relatively low price. Undoubtedly, the foregoing seeming market rating of cream that contain hydroquinone has contributed to the sustained shelf presence of the beauty products that have being pronounced dangerous; both by regulatory bodies, and medical doctors. Despite the campaign, which the National Agency for Foods and Drugs Administration and Control, NAFDAC, has periodically launched against the importation, manufacturing, sales and purchase of beauty creams containing hydroquinone. Bleaching creams, also known as skin lighteners, whiteners, brighteners or fading creams were used for the purpose of treating skin problems such as freckles, age spots, acne scars or discoloration related to hormones. Hydroquinone is no doubt one of the most common and most harmful ingredients in skin bleaching products. It is used for lightening the skin, or to fade out spots, scars, and other blemishes and discoloration. In addition to its use in skin lightening, it can also be found in facial and skin cleansers, and facial moisturizers, although its use in many of these type of products is being phased out. Ostensibly, to demonstrate the fact that hydroquinone is unarguably dangerous, condemnations that have been mounting against the damaging chemical substance have not been coming from the regulatory agency, NAFDAC, alone but from other bodies and individuals. In fact, Medical doctors under the aegis of the Nigerian Association of Dermatologists, in early July 2017 say they have begun the process of meeting with some lawmakers at the National Assembly in order to formulate laws that will regulate the manufacture and use of bleaching cream. The body made the disclosure during a press conference held in commemoration of the World Skin Health Day then held in Abuja. Dr. Mohammed Dan Mallam, the Chairman of the Abuja Dermatology Society, who spoke on behalf of NAD then said “Speaking of legislation, what we are trying to do now is to try to talk to the health committees so that we can see how they can help us in formulating laws and one of the ways to do that is that we are currently conducting an investigation in collaboration with some African countries”. He added: “We are trying to come out with statistics and facts so that when we sit down with these legislators, we will be able to give them facts that can convince them and so we can move ahead. You will be surprised by the level and number of people and highly placed people that are currently bleaching unnecessarily.” Speaking on the theme, ‘Skin Conditions: Early Presentation Prevents Complications’, Dan Mallam said some countries had been able to ban hydroquinone, which is used in the production of bleaching cream. He explained that in the United States, the use of hydroquinone was heavily regulated but in Nigeria, bleaching agents were abused due to weak regulation of prescription medicine. The chairman added: “Countries of the world have banned a lot of substances for example, hydroquinone which is the most abused chemical component used in bleaching the skin. It has been banned in Europe. He said: “About two per cent of its use was the limit but now it has been banned completely. It is still allowed in the United States but only based on prescription. Unfortunately, we live in a country where everything is prescription-free. “As dermatologists, there are conditions we treat. We treat blemishes but we know the dosage, the side effects and when to stop but in our environment, people go out of their way to use it in a manner that is not seen anywhere in the world.” The chairman said there was no difference between skin toning and bleaching as they both made the skin susceptible to infection. He explained that when people bleach, they kill off matured cells and leave the cells at the top layer of the skin; which are not strong enough to protect the body from infection especially skin cancer. Still expatiating on the damaging effect of hydroquinone, Dan Mallam said: “Imagine leaving your house in the hands of your five-year-old child. Of course, you know there will be chaos. So, this is particularly what happens and this corrosive agent changes the architecture of your skin completely. That is exactly what happens and that is where the problem starts and at some point, it becomes irreversible and the defence mechanism of the skin has becomes useless.” He urged Nigerians to stop self-medication, adding that they should seek the help of a dermatologist whenever they have problems. The Chairman said that lateness in reporting skin conditions could lead to irreparable damage. In a similar vein, an Immunologist and Head, Department of Chemical Pathology, at the University College Hospital, Ibadan, Ganiyu Arinola, has called for a ban on the importation of bleaching creams. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION