It was exactly one year on January 2, 2021 when the Kwara State government took official possession of a portion of land otherwise known as Ile Arugbo or Ile L’Oke, depending on which side of Kwara politics one may belong to. Until the takeover, the land housed some shelters where the late Senator Olusola Saraki, and later his children, gathered their political follow­ers to share largesse of vari­ous kinds. That facility until recently was notorious for annual stampedes and mys­terious deaths of hundreds of people, mostly the aged. The days leading to Janu­ary 2, 2020, the day the land was taken over by the govern­ment, were charged. Precisely on December 28, 2019 the gov­ernment issued a statement announcing the reclamation of the land from a firm, Asa Investment Limited, which is owned by the late Saraki on the ground that the land belonged to the government, was meant for construction of a secretariat, but was dubi­ously gifted to the firm without a dime paid to the public cof­fers or any document lawfully transferring its ownership to any private person. On December 29, 2019 Sen­ator Bukola Saraki fired back, accusing the government of witch-hunt and unfairly tar­geting his family. But much more instructive was Senator Bukola Saraki’s claim in his statement that the land lawful­ly belonged to his father, that they have documents to back their claim to the land, and that they were going to court to reclaim their inheritance. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! There is something else to note: on the morning of Jan­uary 2, 2020 when the shelters were demolished and the gov­ernment took possession, the Sarakis claimed the action was sub judice because they had secured a court injunction restraining the government from doing so. This made many people, especially people outside Kwara, to take a posi­tion against the government for acting contrary to a court injunction. However, to this date, the Sarakis never produced the court injunction dated be­tween December 28, 2019 and January 2. 2020 when the government took that action. Looking back now, this sug­gests that Sarakis had lied over their claim. It took about a week after January 2, 2020 before they actually went to court to restrain the govern­ment from proceeding to erect anything on the land. Incredible Events Of 2020 My Wedding Night Turned Out To Be A Cold And Sorrowful Nightmare A cardinal argument of the Sarakis was that they had a lawful claim to the land which they were ready to prove be­fore the court. Every analyst, legalist, and columnist who took posi­tions on the celebrated matter hinged their arguments on the existence of a right of oc­cupancy or certificate of occu­pancy which the Sarakis said they possessed. Everyone wait­ed to see the star document produced before the court. The case the Sarakis filed had since begun in court. How­ever, exactly a year after, at no time have the media reports on the matter from the court revealed how the Sarakis have now produced the document showing their ownership of the land to counter govern­ment’s claim that what the Sarakis did was to convert public land to their family in­heritance. At a point, rather than pro­duce the right of occupancy document, the media reported how Sarakis were mobilising community leaders to resolve the matter out of court. The court, apparently not seeing any document, at some point advised both parties to find am­icable solutions to the logjam. That did not happen. Then parties returned to the court. Sarakis refused to open their case, they refused to bring doc­uments or witnesses to prove their case. Instead, they con­stantly sought adjournments after adjournments. On August 6, 2020, the court officially lifted its injunctions restraining the government from erecting any structure on the land. The court went ahead to fine the Sarakis for clearly wasting the time of the court. That signalled something: the court already knew there was no res to be destroyed anymore. The court, in good conscience, could no longer restrain the rightful owners of the land, the government, from using its land. Of course, Sarakis would take none of it. They later asked the judge to recuse him­self from the case because he lifted the temporary restrain­ing injunction. On December 26, not wanting to set a bad precedent, the court struck out the request for the judge to stand down. There is no mer­it to the argument, the judge held. Of course, the case will continue. One year after, the Sarakis have not substantiated their claim of ownership to the land. While we wait for them to do so, there are lessons to take away. One, we must be slow to take positions against govern­ment’s decisions. Two, there is something strange about the Sarakis of Kwara: they have a very annoying sense of entitle­ment. Whether in his body lan­guage or utterances, Bukola Saraki still believes Kwara is his inheritance. His statement on Ile Arugbo on December 29, 2019 had entitlement written all over it. Today, his claims have proven to be false. When he recently came to Kwara purportedly for his father’s remembrance prayers, his carriage suggested a man to­tally ignorant of why people got tired of him. I do not pray he or his lackeys ever learn the whys. There is something else to note. Apart from the annual death rituals associated with it, Ile Arugbo represented some of the most backward features of Kwara under the Sarakis. It is gratifying to note that the characteristic gather­ing of old people who queued to collect N200 and food has disappeared. While it is open for improve­ment, the social investment programme of Governor Ab­dulRahman AbdulRazaq with a component that gives elderly people some bi-monthly gov­ernment grants to support themselves is a decent and much more humane replace­ment for the practices in Ile Arugbo. This is so for three reasons: there is no pretense that AbdulRazaq is using his personal money to take care of these elderly, vulnerable peo­ple. Also, this stipend is paid to them at their doorsteps. This is contrary to them being bused under the most dehumanising conditions to go collect N200 from a politician who claimed he was doing so from his own private pocket. Finally, govern­ment’s social protection for the poor is a major policy advice by various global development bodies to stem the tide of ex­treme poverty and hunger. Some persons have called the social investment cosmetic and unsustainable. Apart from them missing the point, these critics are hypocritical be­cause they were in fact known foot soldiers of the Sarakis. Condemning an institution­alised support for the elderly while looking away when the same senior citizens were dehumanised at Ile Arugbo is the height of hypocrisy no one should listen to. Finally, in the spirit of the essence of this article, one tru­ly hopes to see that document that proves Sarakis’ owner­ship of the land. As a Kwaran, I know this document will never come. But much more important is a need by every patriot to ensure that our state is forever rid of a repeat of the era of Sarakis again. Even without them in the saddle, it would take de­cades to regain what the state has lost. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION