Mosopefoluwa Odeseye is the Founder and Head Chef of Iya Metos Kitchen. The event planner and graduate of Mass Communication, who is popularly known for her Iya Metos Sauce, spoke to NKASIOBI OLUIKPE on the challenges the EndSARS protests posed on her person and business, and how she’s been able to keep her head high in the face of it all. Excerpts: Madam, what’s your assessment of 2020? 2020 was a tough one. It was a year we all literally fought a battle in various aspects. For me, it was the year I got my bank account locked by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and the immigration services seized my passport while I was trying to renew it. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! My offence being that, as a caterer, I was contracted to cook for the EndSARS protesters. But at least, despite the situation, you are still keeping afloat? COVID-19 Taught Us How To Prepare For Unforeseen Circumstances – Ogunbanjo Most Cosmetics Don’t Deliver Because Their Manufacturers Lack Focus –Adebayo Yes, we are. We survived 2020, that was because I refused to give up. But despite the aftermath of the EndSARS protest, haven’t your customers been keeping faith with you? Yes, a good number of my customers still patronize me, but some have dropped. One of them was really against the protest and that one was my biggest customer. Because I know how often they reach out, not reaching out now implies they have backed out. Thank God, I am done with this phase. We will win in 2021. So, how do you see 2021, what’s your projection for it? Generally, I am hopeful and we keep on pushing as long as we are alive, there is hope and we will just keep pushing. 2020 didn’t end well for me, 2021 didn’t also start well, I lost my ground mother a few days ago. From the Christmas day up till five days ago, I spent it in the hospital. However, business-wise, we are hopeful that businesses will kick off positively. I have not been able to work because a whole lot of things were affected. But notwithstanding, there’s been so much talk about Iya Metos Sauce. What makes it thick and why the name Iya Metos? Actually, I am into food business as well as events management. However, Ofada Rice is my signature meal and a special sauce which some people call Iya Metos Sauce. I prepare food for parties and small chops on a regular basis. So, if you have a wedding reception, naming ceremony, burial reception, or even office parties, birthdays, everything events, I am always handy. Iya Metos in Yoruba means organiser of things. Naturally, I am a well-organised person. I didn’t train to be a caterer, it was just natural. Did you study food and nutrition or home management? Interestingly, I studied Mass Communication at Olabisi Onabanjo University. Why the deviation? I did practice a bit, but not for so long before focusing fully on events planning. I intended remaining in the media and combine both only to realise it wasn’t going to be easy because media was really taking my time 24/7. You can imagine if you are lodged at a location for three months and you can’t even come home or attend any events, you definitely won’t be able to function properly. In other words, you don’t just cook for events, but also cook for individual families? That’s it. I have families that contact me to say they want some amount of soup for their family for the weekend or for the week; sometimes I make for a month for some; some might request for different bowls of soup. And I deliver to them. Do they specify the kind of soup or you use your discretion? No, I do soup from various parts of the country and beyond, according to their specifications. Edikangikong, egusi, afang, eforiro, chicken stew, fish stew, turkey stew; just name it. How do you factor in people’s special health issues when cooking? Once they make their choices, I ask them what and what they want in it and the things they dislike. Usually, it starts from about 2litres upward. That is the standard. I am also very particular about what to put in the stew or sauce because I know that some people react to things like crayfish, shrimps and lots more. Their responses determine what I put in the sauce. If you make something they don’t like, it means your business will be affected and they won’t come back to you. So, I am very particular about things like that. Why do you think I should patronise Iya Metos Kitchen? Oh, a whole lot. Let me start with the fact that Iya Metos Kitchen pays attention to details, I treat customers’ right and I pay very close attention to what I do. I won’t sit back and allow somebody to go to the market and cook for my customers, no, I am always a part of it. In fact, a huge chunk of the responsibility is on me. I handle majority of the job. I don’t just leave the work for people to do, I am there live from start to finish and I can tell you I make very good food because my customers don’t just keep coming back, they refer me to other people. And I must confess I am a workaholic. Some clients might prove difficult to handle. How do you relate with difficult clients? The truth of the matter is that if you are not patient it will be very difficult for you to operate in this field because you will definitely meet different kinds of people. I try as much as possible to calm myself down because whether you like it or not, they will bring it to you irrespective of how good you are. You know why you are in it and you want the best for yourself, you don’t want anybody to frustrate you out of your job. I try my best to hold myself down. Even when I should be the one upset, I end up being the one calming people down. Do you think the social media impacts business in any form? For me as a person, in no small measure, I must be thankful to the social media as it has helped me a whole lot. I am very active online – twitter, facebook, instagram, whatsapp. My business line is out there, on my entire platform you can always reach me, I am also very quick to respond to messages directly and personally. My handle on twitter and instagram are @mosopemi; @iyametoskitchen; @modesevenevents; mosopefollower. Do you take emergency orders? If I am going to respond to your order for emergency delivery, I have to also consider deliveries. If it is not a party, and not a big catering job, it means I will be stuck. You know I also have to inform the dispatch riders a day before. I set out to deliver quality at the end of the day, as a result I give it a lot of considerations when offered an emergency order. If asked to describe Nigerians in terms of eating habits, what would you say? Nigerians eat, generally. If there is a strike now and nothing else is working, food has to work. If there is a state of emergency now and there is no movement, the moment everything opens up, people will start eating. And I think that irrespective of how things are, people who know you will always contact you for food business. Economic situation or not, they will always find a way around it. Aren’t you thinking about spreading your tentacles beyond Lagos? Presently, I have people that contact me outside Lagos and within the outskirts of Lagos. It is actually, a very lucrative business, but not as easy as it seems because a lot goes into it. Do you have permanent staff, if no, how do you put together your workforce? So far as the client informs me before hand, I will always get them. I don’t have difficulties with the people I work with..