Delta State Government has inaugurated 378 Special Constabularies who recently graduated from training for community policing in order to curb growing crime rate in the rural parts of the state. Speaking on Wednesday in Asaba during the Community Policing Sensitisation Awareness Campaign Governor Ifeanyi Okowa who was represented by Secretary to the State Government, Barr. Chiedu Ebie said community policing has become inevitable due to the overwhelming increase in crime rate. He urged the Special Constabularies to see their engagement as a clarion call to serve their communities. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to him, ” Today’s sensitization/awareness campaign is underscored by the need to bring to the fore the roles and duties of the 378 (three hundred and seventy-eight) newly trained Special Constabularies, who will be deployed to their various Local Communities in the State, where invariably they would cultivate closer ties and affinity with community leaders and hopefully ensure the security of citizens at the local level. “Clearly, the evolution of Community Policing in Nigeria places a demand on the police to better appreciate the needs of citizens,who expectedly look forward to a more trustworthy relationshipwith them. I’m Ready To Apologise If Shown Where l Insulted Islam – Bishop Kukah Murderer Of My Brother Also Killed My Parents, Man Tells Panel “I therefore urge all the newly recruited Special Constabularies to see their task as one that places a responsibility of trust and service. “In understanding the sociology of crime in our society, it is apparent that criminal activities are initiated mostly at the local level and as such your deployment to your various localities of origin to serve would ensure that the Police becomes part of the neighbourhood. He restated the support of the State Government to the Nigeria Police for this laudable initiative designed to change the agelong approach to tackling crime through a new strategy of employing partnerships and problem-solving techniques to proactively deal with the immediate and largely localized conditions that stimulate crime and other social disorder,” Okowa stated. He appreciated Traditional rulers in the state for their support towards ensuring adequate security in their domains. He congratulated the Constabularies on their succesful training and also congratulated the outgoing Commissioner of Police on his new posting as AIG Zone 13, Awka, Anambra State. Earlier, outgoing Police Commissioner in the state, AIG Hafiz Inuwa Mohammed said with the successful passing out of 378 successful Special Constabularies, additional manpower has been added to support policing in the different Local Government Areas. “The creation of the Special Constabularies is a way of involving the community in the policing architecture as envisioned by the Inspector General of Police in the domestication of Community Policing strategy to strengthen the operationalisation and intelligence gathering of the Force” he asserted. Chairman of the occasion, DIG Sotonye Wakama (Rtd) said the Police force has been quite concerned about its ability to perform effectively in an atmosphere of rising population and increasing crime wave. He said community policing was adopted worldwide because it embodies the characteristics and traits of other policing strategies. He said the essence of Community policing entails taking a retrospection on where we were and where we are now and urged police officers to change their style of coercive force. In his remark, Chairman Traditional Rulers Council and Co-Chairman State Community Policing Advisory Committee, (SPAC), Delta State, HRM Obi Dr Emmanuel Efeizomor II said Community Policing became essential because security has become an essential ingredient of governance. He congratulated the Constabularies on their succesful appointment and training which he said will bring peace and harmony to the state and show good example for others to follow. He urged the police as an establishment to carry out an image cleansing ,adding, “Nothing will stop this country from having a viable and productive Nigeria Police and it is on this note that the establishment of Community Policing becomes very imperative.