Dear Oyin, I am in pain as I write to you. I hope you won’t mind if I go anonymous. This story I am about to write took place four years ago but it still hurts me. Back then I just lost my mother and during the final rites of the burial, my ex-girlfriend’s people brought police to arrest me, I was dazzled! Two weeks to the burial, she told me she was pregnant for a man who wasn’t interested in the pregnancy. I was angry because she left me for this same man. I asked her what she wanted me to do and her reply was for me to accept the baby as mine. I thought she was joking about it until she gave me a large amount of money to support my mother’s burial. During that period, I needed the money badly so I accepted but I didn’t know it would come out this way (embarrassing me in front of family and friends for a pregnancy that is not mine). ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! To show how bad things were, I spent three days in the cell for a crime I didn’t commit. Insults were poured on me and the most painful aspect was that she didn’t utter a word. She just stood where she was crying like a child. Later, my people came to beg her family to release me but they refused, saying I ruined the life of their daughter. After going back and forth with the matter, they said we should pay the sum of N500,000 for her upkeep. My family was alarmed because they knew I could never afford such an amount. In short, my family said I would get married to their daughter but they refused, saying I was an apology of a man. So they forced me to sign that I would give them the said amount the following year when she gives birth. I didn’t have a choice because I stayed in a cell for more than two weeks. Fayose Dedicates New Year To Giving Wande Coal Expresses Frustration Over Being Misunderstood Some months later, she gave birth to her child and they came knocking. I told them that if they allowed a DNA test then I would give them the money (God knows I don’t have the money) they refused and when I saw they didn’t want to reason with me, I did something shameful. My family and I shifted base from that state to another. I had to cough out money. I didn’t have to start a new life somewhere else they would never find me. Though God has blessed me and even given me my own family, just thinking about it makes me sad. Anonymous Dear anonymous, There is nothing to be ashamed of. You did what you know best and her family was really being unreasonable. I’m sure this was a planned work from her family. The lady may not even be pregnant, they just wanted to siphon money from you, unfortunately, they chose the wrong person. Did you get any update from her after you left? In the near future, this would teach you to be careful and that it’s not everybody you should help. But why did you accept the money from her and agree to such a thing? If you didn’t take the money it would have been easier to defend yourself. She used the money to robe you and you foolishly fell for it. What were you thinking, you were the architect of your own fortune? She took advantage of your closeness. There is an adage that says ‘it’s people close to you that hurt you the most’. As for running away, I won’t say it’s a good idea but it was a choice not given to you. I just hope they didn’t hurt your family for your sake. But it’s now a thing of the past and you have to move on. Now you have learnt your lesson and it’s time to shake it off. Thank God for your new life and family. You don’t know the plan that God has for you. Maybe if you were in that city, things wouldn’t have worked well for you. So stop hurting yourself with this painful memories and move on with life’s expectations. You are already saved from harm. Be thankful to God for your victory.