LAGOS – Dana Air has received two of its Boeing 737 aircraft from Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) facility from outside the country. A statement by Mr. Kingsley Ezenwa, the Spokesman of the airline said that the airline received the two aircraft last Wednesday. Ezenwa said that the two aircraft arrived days after another of its aircraft returned to service recently in December. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The statement quoted Mr. Obi Mbanuzuo, the Chief Operating Officer (COO, Dana Air as saying that the two aircraft would be deployed to service immediately after the mandatory checks by the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA). He further stressed that the safety and comfort of its clients would not be relegated no matter the situation, promising that the airline would continue to provide top-notch services to air passengers. DBN Donates Relief Materials To Nasarawa, Adamawa, Cross-River Communities No Political Influence On Our Business Decisions – Intels He said: “Just recently, we received one of our aircraft back from maintenance sound while the other is undergoing mandatory checks by the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) before release. “The safety of our guests and crew will continue to take priority in our operations and we will continue to keep our safety standards with zero tolerance for violations irrespective of the situation or circumstance. “The return of another of our aircraft in late December, helped mitigate the schedule disruptions we experienced recently and we have been able to ferry a good number of our guests to their destinations while working to ensure all round customer satisfaction and schedule reliability for our guests.” Mbanuzuo regretted the frustrations of some of its passengers recently and apologised to them for the schedule disruptions. The Dana COO said that the airline was working tirelessly to improve on its schedule integrity and overall operational efficiency.