Cucumber is an edible vegetable that comes from the cucumber plant Cucumis sativus, which is part of the gourd family. They are one of the oldest cultivated vegetables and believed to have originated from India. It is a member of the same family as watermelon, pumpkins, gourds, squash and zucchini. Like watermelon, cucumbers are made up of mostly (95 percent) water, which means eating them on a hot sunny day can help you stay hydrated. Cucumbers are composed mostly of water and low in calories. Nutritionally, it has very relatively high antioxidants such as vitamins A, B, C and K. It also contains valuable excellent sources of minerals like: silica, sodium, potassium, calcium, chlorine, fluorine, sulphur and magnesium. The high fiber soluble fiber in cucumbers dissolves into a gel-like texture in your gut, helping to slow down your digestion. This helps you to feel full longer and is one reason why fiber-rich foods may help with weight control. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The water content of the cucumber helps aid digestion, keeps the body hydrated and regulates body temperature. Cucumbers also contain unique polyphenols and other compounds that may help reduce one’s risk of chronic diseases such as cancers, etc. Silica in cucumber improves the health of the skin and makes it naturally hydrating resulting in a good complexion and a glowing skin. Silica also helps strengthen connective tissue such as bones, cartilage, ligaments, tendons and blood vessels. Fayose Dedicates New Year To Giving Wande Coal Expresses Frustration Over Being Misunderstood It is believed that cucumber when sliced into circles and placed on the eyes are the most wonderful and natural eye pads for those who have dark circles around their eyes. These natural eye pads do wonders when placed on the eyes in a relaxed fashion after a long day’s work. When cucumber is grated and applied over the face, eyes and neck, and left for 15 to 20 minutes, it has been found effective as a beauty aid and a best tonic for the skin, good for treating acne, pimples and other skin blemishes.