AWKA – The Federal Government has earmarked N52 billion to engage 774, 000 youths in its novel Extended Special Public Works Programme (ESPW) in the 774 local councils across the country. The Minister of Labour and Employment, Senator Chris Ngige disclosed this at the weekend during the flagoff of the programme at Awka South Local Government Secretariat, Amawbia, Anambra State. Senator Ngige said the programme would cushion the effects of COVID-19 pandemic amongst the lower class in the society and lift some people out of abject poverty, stressing that about N42billion would go into salaries for the participants. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to him, the Extended Special Public Works Programme under National Directorate of Employment, (NDE) is a pilot scheme for Special Public Works Programme in the rural communities approved by President Muhammad Buhari, in the early part of the year 2020. Ngige said: “The pilot programme was implemented in eight states of the federation including Adamawa, Borno, Ebonyi, Edo, Ekiti, Jigawa, Katsina and Kwara to gauge its impact in addressing the ballooning population of the unemployed and rising insecurity in some parts of the country. “This strategy was adopted to fast-track the achievements of the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan (2017-2020). NDLEA Denies Chairman’s Sack Ekiti Assembly Service Commission Releases Staff Audit Report, Exposes Irregularities “Our target is to immediately engage the 774,000 selected unemployed Nigerians for the programme to execute carefully selected projects across the 774 LGAs in the country. “Each participating local government identified its preferred projects and will be responsible for ensuring that they are executed as planned. It is instructive to mention that all the tools and equipment required have been provided hence the federal government expects strong commitment from all stakeholders in ensuring efficient implementation”. Ngige said that although the ESPW is an ephemeral strategy, to last for three months, January 5 to April 4, 2021, he was convinced that it will provide the necessary economic palliatives to the 774,000 unemployed youths. He further said that the federal government will monitor the implementation of the programme to ascertain the efficient utilisation of every resource, both human and materially committed to it.