Perhaps, one of the greatest threats to our so-called nascent democracy remains the over-bearing nature of our state governors. As though copying what they see at the centre, they seek to muzzle all forms of dissent and brook no room for opposition. Yet, ours is a democracy where the rule of law and supremacy of the constitution should be the fulcrum upon which democracy and democratic institutions and principles are built. Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna State, has steadily assumed the notoriety for always being in the news for the wrong reasons. He carries on like a despot and does not care about the legality or otherwise of his actions. Since the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, some state governors have under the guise of fighting the scourge perpetrated all manners of recklessness and abuse of office. Sometime in May 2020, Governor Nyesom Wike supervised the demolition of Edemete Hotel and Prodest Home. According to him, the operators had flouted an order that hotels should be closed. He claimed that some persons who had tested positive for the virus had been found in hotels across the state, but failed to prove that anyone who had COVID-19 had been staying in either of the demolished hotels. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Against the spirit of democracy and the rule of law, Governor Wike accused the hotel owners and went ahead to demolish the hotels that would have provided jobs for some Nigerians. About two weeks ago, it was the turn of the imperial governor of Kaduna, Mallam El-Rufai. The social media was abuzz with the demolition of a restaurant named Asher by the Kaduna State Urban Planning and Development Agency, (KASUPDA). The agency said it did this on the orders of the state governor, alleging that a nude party was to hold at Asher. Trump’s Assault On US Democracy: Lessons For Nigeria Plateau United And Club Licensing Farce (2) KASUPDA in a social media post on January 1 said, “Asher Hotel was the proposed venue for the Kaduna Sex Party, the hotel was also caught contravening the COVID-19 guidelines of the state. KASUPDA will not hesitate to demolish properties used for such immoral act.” The social media were also abuzz with the news of the said party which was slated for December 27. Part of the requirements for participants on the invitation card was that males and females were expected to be naked. The party was expected to last till daybreak during which participants would have sex for a fee ranging from N2,000 for the popular side and N3,000 to N5,000 for the VIPs. However, Mrs. Aisha Mercy Yakubu, the owner of Asher, said she runs a restaurant and not hotel as claimed by the government and that during her interaction with the KASUPDA officials, it was established that the so-called venue for the event was not hers and the telephone numbers provided on the poster belonged to a different person (one Marvelous Akpan). Mr. Akpan, she said, also confessed that the posters belonged to him and he had no relationship whatsoever with Mrs. Yakubu. You would expect that in a sane society Mrs. Yukubu would be left off the hook with an apology, but not so in our country. Mrs. Yakubu said on the 31st of December, her restaurant was demolished with no prior notification of any infringement on her part. The restaurant was pulled down for a so-called sex party that was yet to hold and for which it was proven was not scheduled to take place there. In a volte face, KASUPDA again said Aser was demolished for lack of valid title or development permit. Why take an action irrationally then labour to justify what is clearly a wrong deed? In KASPDA’s recant it said, “On Thursday, 31st December, 2020, the Kaduna State Urban Development and Planning Authority (KASUPDA) took action to remove the building housing Asher Lounge. “Since this enforcement action, much of the commentary on the matter has centred on the inaccurate statement from KASUPDA’s Twitter account. While regretting the inaccuracy of the handler of our social media account, there is no reservation about the steps taken pursuant to enforce the laws and regulations of Kaduna State on a property that was in violation of its provisions. “Indications that an activity in violation of the COVID-19 regulations was planned to be held in Asher Lounge drew attention to the property and made it necessary to examine the status of the building. Checks of government records showed that the building housing Asher Lounge has neither a valid title nor development permit. Once due diligence revealed the illegal status of the building, there was need for enforcement action without the notification requirements that the law compels for holders of valid title and development permits. “There are many properties in Kaduna State that are in this category. Their sheer number means that KASUPDA does not have the staff strength to undertake enforcement action on all of them. But those whose cases come to agency’s attention and are found not to have the necessary papers cannot expect inaction.” Recall that the Kaduna State government had in a similar fashion last May, demolished the popular Kaduna Inn, GM Car Park and Relaxation Centre. Chukwuemeka John Nwogu, the owner, claimed that prior to the demolition, the state government had been collecting taxes and other dues from him. The demolition of Mrs. Yakubu restaurant is a clear case of abuse of power. Actions as these only serve as disincentives to investors. It’s wicked to do this and get away with it. Our governors demolish private businesses which they don’t give support to and for which they do nothing to provide conducive environment. KASUPDA claimed it found out the building was in violation of its rules when it investigated the so-called sex party event. Why did it not serve Mrs. Yakubu notice to regularise her documents knowing that it was wrong in its earlier allegation against Mrs. Yakubu and that it would be difficult to justify its action?