Solomon Ajayi, the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of TMY Media (TMY), in this interview with IKECHI NZEAKO, spoke about his entrepreneurial journey and how he intended to grow his company to the next level. Excerpts: What motivated you to establish TMY Media and how did you start? It started in 2013 when I used to publish stories about me and other talents on facebook; the objective was to promote young music talents in Africa, especially, in Nigeria. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! However, in 2015 I formally started TYM Media as a media production and management company. What does TMY Media do? Top 10 Lucrative Business Ideas With Small Capital In Nigeria For 2021 I Love Being An Entrepreneur – Bello TMY Media is an entertainment media and digital agency and production company. We are also into content writing and content marketing. TMY Media also manages talents and we are also a public relations company. We are very strong on Instagram and other social media platforms and we also run a digital portal. We help our clients to interface with their clients; we are also media strategists and help to manage the public image of our clients. What has been the experience and how has the business fared? The experience has been mixed and interesting and full of challenges, which we have overcome. I invested all my life savings in TMY Media between 2013 and 2017 and made some progress but I made headway in the year 2018 when I started making money from production and renting out of music equipment. However, it was in the year 2019 that I gained recognition because of my social media strong presence and that led me into in public relations and branding. TMY Media is into many areas of media business. Why not focus on a single specialised service? The reason why TMY Media offers diverse services is because we understand the media covers a wide variety of areas like advertising, broadcasting and networking, news, print and publication, digital, recording, and motion pictures and each has its own associated infrastructure. These are related and we felt we could offer service in the different areas. Who are your clients and who should patronise the services of TMY Media? TMY Media services can be accessed by clients in the different countries in the world because of our digital exposure; we have an Internet site that site provides links to other sites and we are an entrance portal because we are into music production. TMY Media is not selective when it comes to working with clients; we treat all clients equally and fairly and we know our clients when we meet them at the first chat. Our policy is that all clients most be treated equally and fairly. How has it been dealing with different top Nigerian personalities and celebrities? The truth is that it is hard to deal with most top personalities and celebrities; we face challenges with different celebrities but with our business orientation, we always make sure we give celebrities the benefit of being customers because we believe customers are always right even when they are not right. Did your education contribute to your choice of business? I was a computer student and this led me to become a media person. What are the lessons young entrepreneurs should learn to do business successfully in Nigeria? I advise young entrepreneurs to never stop studying and using the social media because as them the opportunities to reach millions of people and advertise their products to them. I advise every young entrepreneur out there to learn how to use social media to promote their businesses or brand. They should be patient and work hard because hard work has its rewards. How did Covid-19 impact your business? Honestly I would not say COVID-19 affected my business, though it affected our media production and affected our digital strategies. I believe we still had a successful 2020. The pandemic also stopped me from travelling to different countries last year where I could increase the profile and fortunes of the company but the situation has improved and we thank God for that. We pray that the year 2021 will be pandemic free so that business can thrive. Where do you want to see TMY Media in the next five years? In the next five years, TMY Media should be one of the biggest media companies in the world; we want to make the company a household name in the country and across the world. We are also planning to go into real estate because we have quality clients who can afford properties through our brand. Tell us some of the achievements of TMY? TMY Media has achieved many milestones; we are one of the largest digital media platforms in Nigeria, and we have invested in different areas of digital media practice, which generate income and exposure. We hope 2021 will be a year of success for us.