His Excellency, Senator Hope Uzodimma, the governor of Imo State clocked one year in of­fice on Friday, January 15, 2021. He was sworn in on January 15, 2020 following the historic ruling delivered on January 14, 2020 by the Supreme Court that affirmed him as the duly elected governor of Imo State. January 15, 2020 reminds us of the day a large, enthusiastic crowd of Imo sons and daughters thronged the Sam Mbakwe Inter­national Cargo airport, Owerri to welcome Governor Uzodimma from Abuja and to the Heroes Square, to witness his oath tak­ing ceremony. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! January 15, 2020 will also go down in the anal of our state as the day Governor Uzodimma recalled with nostalgia, the con­tent of his manifesto, full of am­bitious development plan which he had unveiled on January 11, 2019 to a gathering of eminent personalities after choosing to throw his hat in the ring for the governorship contest of Imo State that same year. Indeed, to the incredible Imo sons and daughters, both those residing in the country and those outside, it has been an eventful one year of purposeful leadership garnished with unprecedented socio-economic activity that will definitely alter the developmental trajectory of our 45 year-old state for the good of all in few years to come. Emulate Olukoya, AIG Tells Preachers Be Exemplary In Giving, Prophetess Counsels Christians This is because we are all in agreement that after the admin­istration of the first civilian gov­ernor of Imo State, Sam Mbakwe, successive leaders in our state have not confronted governance with the sincerity of purpose, commitment and boldness that Governor Uzodimma has de­ployed to the same act. In most cases, selfishness, greed, cronyism, inexperience, rabid delight in impunity, reck­lessness, abuse of office, defined the policies of those who came before Governor Uzodimma. Needless to say that we paid dearly for such unbecoming de­meanour and still paying dearly for it going by the rot the Uzod­imma administration has faced since mounting the saddle a year ago. Governor Uzodimma’s inau­gural broadcast to the people of Imo State on January 20, 2020 was nothing but a clarion call to serve. He said: “I stand before you to­day as governor of our great state, solely by the uncommon grace of God to whom I give the glory for the momentous Supreme Court judgement of January 14, 2020… “I urge every true man, woman and youth of Imo State to put the past behind us, without throwing away the lessons learnt, as we forge ahead in the great task of building a new Imo State defined by common will of the people, in which equity, justice, freedom, and rule of law prevail over impu­nity and executive recklessness. This is the essence of good gov­ernance and it is my firm belief that democracy without good gov­ernance is nothing but a mirage… Yours sincerely recalls his in­tervention when Governor Uzo­dimma’s administration turned six months old. That is without prejudice to brethren who are perceptive enough to note that Governor Uzodimma’s one year in office has reinforced their hope that Imo State is not only making commensurate progress today, but will be a better place for all of us tomorrow. In one year, Imo citizens have seen signs of good governance. Yes, they have. Governor Uzodimma has not only tenaciously upheld the pil­lars of good governance anchored on rule of law, he has redefined accountability in governance, upheld right to ownership of pri­vate property, prophesied inclu­siveness in governance, and made the pursuit of legitimate econom­ic endeavours, transparency, re­spect for human rights, honesty and trust, the pillars upon which true democracy can stand. One year in office, Governor Uzodimma’s intervention on road infrastructure, water provision, health sector, security of lives and property, youth empowerment, civil service reform, improved revenue generation, among oth­ers is reminding every Imolite that the criminals they saw at the corridors of power in Imo State before they will see no more. To cushion the effects of dilap­idated roads which he inherited, Governor Uzodimma mandated the Ministry of Works to inter­vene on the following roads which today are in perfect condition. They include: Douglas to Naze junction, Links Hotel, Pious Nwo­ga Road, Hospital junction, Umu­guma to High Court Road, Bank Road/Assumpta Avenue, Emman­uel College to Pastoral Centre, Imo Police Headquarters Road, Nekede Old Road bridge, Amako­hia Flyover Road, Bishops Court Roundabout, Ebere Links end of new Government House Road, Amakohia-Onitsha (DSS Road), Works Road by Bala Suya, Cher­ubim junction to Owerri Club Road, Ahiajoku Centre- Port Har­court Road, Umezuruike-Ware­house Road, among others. Some roads have also been graded by the ministry and they include: Road Safety-Toronto-Or­ji, Ihitte Ogada-Awaka-Eme­kuku-Ekemmegbuoha, Old Road Nekede-Area H junction, Nwa­chukwu Orizu extension, Umu­guma, Port Harcourt Road-Holy Rosary International College, Uchenna Bus-Stop, Ring Road in Irette, Umuguma last roundabout Road, Industrial Layout (Celes­tine Izunobi Crescent), Nwachuk­wu Orizu by World Bank Road, Holy Trinity World Bank Road, Ejimkeonye Street, World Bank Road, among others. As I write, no fewer than 57 road projects have been embarked on by Governor Uzodimma’s ad­ministration with eight already completed and commissioned, 25 nearing completion and the rest receiving serious attention as well. They include the recently awarded Owerri/Orlu and Ow­erri /Okigwe roads where work has commenced. It is important to note that while 28 of such roads were in­herited from the previous gov­ernment, the remaining were all awarded by Governor Uzodimma. I do know that many Imo folks who play politics with Governor Uzodimma’s administration will pretend not to know that such gi­ant strides had been made in the area of road rehabilitation, but the truth remains that those who have eyes to see and are desirous of an Imo of our dream have seen the efforts in that direction and have commended the governor. The Catholic Archbishop of Owerri, Most Rev Dr. Anthony J V Obinna is one of those who see the good intention of the gover­nor in the area of infrastructure and has commended his efforts. I do not need to bother us about the gains this government has recorded with the automation process which today has made it possible for all genuine civil ser­vants and pensioners in the state to know their status and to be promptly paid their entitlement without the old system of looking for who to bribe before they could get paid what is their right. That is one of the benefits of the re­forms that Governor Uzodimma brought into the state. During the one year under examination of Governor Uzo­dimma’s administration, a new University called the University of Agriculture and Environmen­tal Sciences located at Umuagwo has been accredited and receiving all the attention it needs to be po­sitioned as one of the best in the country. The new premises of the Imo State Polytechnic Omuma is almost ready, barely five months work began on the site. Governor Uzodimma has final­ized arrangement for the building of 305 classroom blocks in all the electoral wards in the Imo state. Today, our sons and daughters at­tending any of the Nursing and Midwifery schools in the state are proud to say that accreditation is no longer a problem because Gov­ernor Uzodimma has successful­ly helped them to accomplish the processes. Talk of Governor Uzodminna’s intervention in health, the gains are even more outstanding. Not only did he distinguish himself the way he approached the dead­ly corona virus pandemic that took the world by surprise and wreaked havoc all the over the place, Governor Uzodimma built four state of the art isolation/ treatment centres in Imo, fol­lowed it up with the procurement of 34 ambulances given to all the 27 local government areas of the state, and the launching of Mo­bile Clinics to cater to the health needs of the people. Apart from putting in place well equipped isolation and treat­ment Centres and providing the ambulances for emergency re­sponse to the Covid-19 pandemic at the 27 local government areas and the state capital, the Imo State University Teaching Hospital at Orlu recently hosted the ground breaking ceremony for a perma­nent emergency and infectious disease hospital for the South East. The project was attracted to Imo by Governor Uzodimma. As I write, the Emergency Op­eration Centre at the Umuguma General hospital is working at its best. What is ongoing there is nothing but a prelude to the proposed 305 health centres to be established in all the electoral wards in the state. What Governor Uzodimma has done in the area of youth empow­erment is not less important. He was one of the few governors who intervened immediately follow­ing the #ENDSARS# protests by releasing an initial N2b to cush­ion the effects of the hardship the youths were complaining about. Besides, he promised to invest a whooping N6 billion on the youths over a period of time to enable them acquire skills that will assist them to be self-reliant and economically stable. The office of the Special As­sistant on Youth Affairs and the Ministry of Skill Acquisition and Entrepreneurship were mandat­ed to embark on massive training of the Imo youths in line with Governor Uzodimma’s notion that youths are the leaders of to­morrow. At least 5,000 Imo youths have been trained on different skills with most of them already empowered in the area of their competence. Water they say is life. But be­fore now in Imo, it was seen as death because of the quality of water the people drank. The past administrations preferred to use the existing government water scheme at Otamiri as fish pond. Consequently, the Otamiri Water Scheme was left to rot until Gov­ernor Uzodimma came on board to resuscitate the project and even went ahead to enter into pact with UDSAID on how Imo people can benefit from clean drinkable wa­ter that is actually synonymous with life. Today, residents of Ow­erri metropolis now know the reason for establishment of the Otamiri Water Scheme in the first place. Recently, Governor Uzodimma flagged off the Urban renewal of Owerri. There are too many roundabouts within the Owerri metropolis that cause gridlock that last as much as five hours on a daily basis. In the coming weeks the narrative will change because Ndi Imo have seen the prototype of what traffic management in an organized society looks like as they were unveiled during the flag off of the urban renewal proj­ects recently by the governor. Those who have been residing in Owerri in the past 10 years will tell you that some areas are no go areas during rainy season. Such parts of the city are synonymous with flash floods and consequent­ly, low economic activities. Just one year in office, Gover­nor Uzodimma’s leadership mag­ic has dealt with the floods as all the adjoining roads usually affect­ed by flooding have been attended to with a drainage management and control system that is both unprecedented and never heard of in the history of Imo State since creation about 45 years ago. The good news is that those who abandoned their homes in the flood prone parts of the state have all returned and economic activities have picked up once more in such places. Forget the blackmail, propa­ganda, slander and unmerited uncountable misdemeanour by few political traducers, Governor Uzodimma surely and steadily will keep his eyes on the ball in the succeeding years. What is important is that he has used the one year in office to lay the foundation for good gov­ernance and Imo people will in the years to come behold in excess the tangible things that go side by side with good governance. Like him or hate him, Gover­nor Uzodimma has demonstrat­ed capacity for strategic thinking on what constitutes good gover­nance. That he is loved by many is because he has shown to be truthful to them and puts himself in their position. He has not seen leadership as an opportunity to defraud the people, deceive the people and undermine the inter­est of the people. Rather, he sees it as an opportunity to uplift the weak through service. One year is not four years and a child born a year ago can hardly have all the features of an adult. The same is applicable in gover­nance/government. Our confidence is that the man on the driver’s seat under­stands the reason for the task on his shoulders and he will give it his best shot. And that is exactly what he is doing regardless of the thinking of the naysayers. Like he will always say, when the time comes we will all tighten our seat belts and enjoy the flight when it enters its cruising level. For Governor Uzodimma, his second year, definitely, will wit­ness a great improvement on the first year in all areas of gover­nance, more so, when one remem­bers that on his shoulder, today, rests the leadership of South East All Progressive Congress (APC). Nwachuku is Chief Press Sec­retary/Special Adviser (Media) to Governor Uzodimma.