AWKA – The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has warned that it would not tolerate a rival security outfit as proposed by South East governors. Reason: Such a move would be tinted with mis­chief to counter the formida­ble Eastern Security Network (ESN) it has already set up. A statement signed by its media and publicity secretary, Emma Powerful, said only ESN would protect and defend Biafrans against terrorists and invaders responsible for the senseless attacks, raping, and wanton killing of their mothers, wives, and sisters on farmlands and in the forests. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! It said that it was opposed to another security outfit in the region because such was contrived based on “the mis­chievous advice and attempt by Miyetti Allah and the Soko­to caliphate to compromise the security of Biafrans”, adding that “any Miyetti Allah vigilante group under any nomenclature formed by Dave Umahi and his fel­low governors, as well as Ohanaeze, will be resisted by the people of the Old Eastern region”. It advised parents in the South East to discourage their children against any such se­curity outfit as such an outfit was already the enemy of the people with a sinister agenda. Nigeria Yet To Recover From Wounds Of Civil War — Kukah Military Kills 64 Terrorists In Yobe Offensives It added: “Remember that the real masterminds of the plot – the Fulani cabal running the failed contrap­tion called Nigeria – having been emboldened by their success in installing one of their stooges as Ohanaeze president, are now set to con­trol Biafraland but ESN and IPOB have remained their only nightmare. “They know that the likes of Umahi are blinded by in­ordinate political ambitions. “But to their disappoint­ment, our people are now alive to their responsibilities and won’t allow Miyetti Allah to control the security archi­tecture of the East as they are now attempting to take over Amotekun in the West. “We are happy to aver that the grand conspiracy by our oppressors to take over the South with the help of com­promised leaders is dead on arrival! “We declare without equiv­ocation that any other group parading as South East and South South security outfit will not be allowed to operate on Biafra soil. “Our people have already launched their own defence line – ESN – as our self-ac­claimed leaders were no­where to be found when it counted most. “Anyone who enlists in any treacherous security outfit sponsored by Fulani stooges in our land to destabilise our territory will regret such a decision.” It reminded the South East that the same Miyetti Allah demanded to join Amotekun vigilante but Yoruba people, aware of their evil motive, bluntly turned down their request. “It is very shameful that in­stead of supporting the people to strengthen ESN, South East governors, led by Governor Dave Umahi, are hobnobbing with Miyetti Allah to compro­mise the security of the East. “It’s only a fool that will hire his enemy to midwife the birth of his only son,” it added.