Engr Adedeji Doherty, Lagos State chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has told Governor Seyi Makinde  of Oyo State to do away with what he described as political sycophants if he wants to reposition the party in the SouthWest. Doherty in a release on Monday stated that there was no crack in the  Lagos PDP, stressing that the governor should not allow  political sycophants, detractors and ill-advisers to  scuttle his plan to reposition the party in the region. He further advised that Makinde should meet with the party leaders who worked with him before his emergence as governor. Meanwhile the chairman stated that his attention was drawn to series of dissenting voices as a fallout from the visit of some party executive committee (Exco) members in the state, led by the State Deputy Chairman, to Governor Makinde. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Doherty also refuted allegation of any  crack within the Lagos Exco. He said, “I want to reaffirm that the executive committee remains one indivisible entity. The visit of the State Exco members was not without the consent of the State chairman and other leaders and  stakeholders. He maintained that his administration is supportive of peace, reconciliation , strict adherence to the rule of law, party’s constitution and the growth of the party, provided the moves are devoid of back stabbing and bickering. Kebbi Gov’t. Reconstructs 1,050 Shops At N2bn, Says Gov. Bagudu New Commissioner Of Police In Adamawa Calls For Public’s Cooperation The chairman said that it was unfortunate that despite many entreaties and clamour by himself and many other intrested parties, leaders and stakeholders of the party in Lagos have been consistently been sidelined and ignored by Governor Makinde. He however, advised the Governor to take the visit of some of the Lagos State Exco members to his State as a sign of respect for his office and not a sign of victory over what the majority of leaders in Lagos State stand for. He stated that the leadership of Governor Makinde in the SouthWest, by virtue of  being the only sitting Governor in the region, is never in contention. The party chairman said that he was looking forward to the Senator Bukola Saraki led peace, reconciliation and strategy committee, mandated by the National Working Committee (NWC)to wade into the unfolding events in the party in the SouthWest, pointing out that he believed that the committee has the capacity to give the party a direction in the region.