She was an orphan raised by her grandmother and trained by her brother, now she’s a medical doctor. Dr. (Mrs.) Adefunmilola Tolulope Williams-Daudu feels uncomfortable seeing people passing through the road she had trod. She now offers helping hands to ease the pains of the inevitable harrowing journey. In this interview with BOLU-OLU ESHO, she reeled out how she impacts on the underprivileged. Excerpts: How did you come about your NGO, Miteda Wellness Initiative? It came about in 2013 when I wanted to celebrate my 40th birthday. And I told my husband that I would like to go to his village, Ikaram- Akoko, Ondo State, to celebrate my birthday with his people by way of rendering service. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! I for one, am a product of grace. I am from grass to grace. I am an orphan trained by my brother. I was initially living with my grandmother and at about age eight or nine, my brother took all us over and trained all of us. The reason why I said I am a product of grace is, as an orphan, I often enjoy grace and privilege from Almighty God. Looking at my background, my life, I always relate with the downtrodden. Wande Coal Expresses Frustration Over Being Misunderstood Ill Fortune Befalls Obafemi Hamzat You can imagine, I was telling my children some certain stories. In those days while I was with my grandmother at Erinjinyan-Ekiti, in Ekiti State, a man would come from Akure every weekend, he would stop by in front of our house and would give my grandmother some N1 notes. That was the money from which we would feed. It got to a certain point that we would always be expecting to see him, because the man would always come every weekend. So, I for one could relate to that time and compare it to this time. So, seeing people living the life I had lived before, it would just pulp up in my mind that I just can’t see people suffering because I had gone through that before. So, experience happens to be the best teacher. My husband, ironically, we shared so many things in common. He’s also an orphan, who’s also a product of grace. He was trained by his own sister, while I was trained by my brother. So, coming together from such a background as products of grass to grace, we should not forget where we are coming from. That has always been one of the major motivators. Why did you turn the medical fiesta into an annual event? We started with hypertension, diabetes, hepatitis, screening of eye defects and giving eye glasses. We do health education on how to take charge of their health and thereby helping themselves out. There was a time we brought in some experts from Canada to come train 62 nurses on Neonatal Resuscitation in Akoko. We didn’t only train them but we also built their capacity by giving them equipment to actually resuscitate neonates. Do you still concentrate on the initial areas of coverage? We do dental tests and surgeries during the programme. We do cancer screening. When we screen early, we diagnose early. The person can be treated and be cancer-free. So, in the area of hypertension, we do screening. If anybody is found out to be hypertensive, we give drugs. Some of the beneficiaries who are so indigent, we give them drugs that would last them for a whole year. It’s when we are having the next medical fiesta that they have to refill their drugs. There are some of them that my husband would support their wellness by helping them with their medication. That’s outside the one we do in the NGO. If not for the issue of COVID-19, we would have carried out Selective Lacer Trabeculoplasty surgeries. When you go out, you see a lot of people out there who are blind. It’s a surgery that each eye would cost between $5000 and $6000 outside the country. So, we have already concluded the process of bringing the one and only Trabeculoplasty surgeon from the US to come to Nigeria to Lagos. We are having a kind of partnership with the Government of Lagos State. But because of COVID, he couldn’t come. So, we are looking forward to 2021 by the grace of God to start the process. The number of surgeons coming have increased to eight. We would be having the inaugural Glaucoma/Selective Lacer Trabeculoplasty and Discipleship Conference in Lagos. By October 2014, people started calling to ask if we were not going to do the medical fiesta again. So, in 2014, we had to expand it to cover more medical areas. It was during one of the outings that we discovered someone whose diabetes was almost taking over her sight. Immediately we discovered this, we gave her medications and today, the woman is a boss of herself. In 2019, we have to station a Coaster bus in Akure to convey people to the venue of the programme in Akoko. We have about 295 volunteers comprising doctors, nurses, laboratory scientists, medical and nonmedical in total on this platform. We grew from 12 volunteers. These volunteers come from all over the country. Sometimes, we receive friends of the NGO who are doctors from Canada to join us on the programme. Why did you dabble into an education programme? In 2018, I went to the primary school where my husband graduated from, LA Primary School, Ikaram- Akoko. I saw the majority of the kids were wearing tattered cloth. No school sandals, no uniforms but the structures are there. Mine is when I see something, I want to see how I can intervene. When I got home, I called a tailor to ask what it would cost to sew 200 pairs of school uniforms. Though the total population of the pupils was not more than 100. So, we did what we tagged “Operation Kit The Kids.” So we bought uniforms, socks, sandals, customised notebooks and gave to them. I also went to my own primary school where I graduated from, LA Primary School, Erinjiyan-Ekiti, Ekiti State. I am an Ekiti woman married to an Ondo State man. We also did the same thing. So, when my husband saw this, he said we can do something in my name in Education. He called his friends who are educationists. They started organising schools in Akoko for an inter-school quiz competition in my name. They started the preliminary at the early part of the year in 2020, and in October we did the final competition in Akoko Anglican Grammar School. Despite the fact that I had that kind of background, I didn’t lose focus. I always came first in my class from primary to secondary school, even to the university. I also want to let the girls and the boys, especially the girls, to know that despite my background I still made it. I attended LA Primary School. When I was in primary five, I sat with the primary six pupils for the primary six leaving certificate examination and I passed. I left primary school in primary five from the village. There was a time my husband called me and said some students could not pay for the NECO examination. He said they were 13 in number. In the school, they were 23, but I think only 10 of them could pay. So I just went to the school and handed them the cheque for the remaining 13. That money I wanted to use it for something else that month, but what I wanted to use it for could wait, but that exam could not wait because some future was involved. There’s this little boy who came to work as a labour when we were building our house so he could pay for his JSS3 examination. I then asked how much. Each time I could relate with the N1 notes Mr. Olawaye would give to my grandmother then. In 2020, he wrote his final papers and he made all his papers. It’s a thing of joy. I think in that area, I will always thank God for the support we have. You’re hiring and paying teachers for public schools? Except we want to deceive ourselves, the government cannot give all what we will always want. But if God could be gracious to myself and some other people who came out of their small villages or hamlets and doing great things, why should we wait until the government does everything. So, if out of the little we have, we are able to employ even if it’s just a teacher, and would be able to take care of this aspect. What’s the reason for embarking on an empowerment scheme? The issue of COVID-19 brought about the idea of empowerment. During the heat of the pandemic, people were giving food items. I sat with a few members of the committee of Miteda Wellness, at the end of the day, I said I always believe in teaching a man how to fish and he would feed himself for the rest of his life. I designed a questionnaire and I said we should go through the grassroots in distributing the questionnaires. We distributed 100 copies and screened 92. Thirty-nine people actually benefited from the empowerment. We bought industrial sewing machines, ordinary black head sewing machines, hairdressing equipment, makeover kits. The makeover thing came to mind when I went home for the burial of an auntie and the young guy who came to tie gele (headgear) for me also did my face for me. He used my kits. He had no money to buy the working tools. So, we included him in the empowerment scheme. We bought the box, brushes and other kits they use in the trade. We also bought a machine for garri processing and the one for frying garri. We bought grinding machines. We gave some farm inputs like the spraying pumps, herbicides to the farmers.