P/HARCOURT – The former Deputy Senate President, Ike Ekweremadu, has urged President Mu­hammadu Buhari to shun self-pride and reach out to foreign countries for assis­tance to combat terrorism in the country. Ekweremadu said it was necessary for the Nigerian government to seek help from countries with capacity to tackle the kind of security challenge confronting the country. The former Deputy Sen­ate President who was in Rivers State to inaugurate road projects executed by Governor Nyesom Wike, urged other Governors to emulate Wike’s leadership style. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He noted that the les­sons to be learnt from the series of project inaugu­ration in Rivers State by governors and other po­litical leaders, should be for them to get inspired and replicate such devel­opment in their states and at the national level. “I believe it when I said that we should not be ashamed to say we are learning from our colleague on what to do. If we need help, we must seek help from whomever we can get help from and that’s the only way we can develop,” he said. Financial Expert Advises FG On Pulling Nigeria Out Of Recession Abia Monarch Distributes Palliatives, Cautions Subjects On COVID-19 Ekweremadu also en­joined the federal govern­ment to explore the possibil­ity of getting assistance from foreign countries that have capacity in order to protect the sovereignty of the coun­try, it’s people and democracy. “Today, we are challenged as a country in terms of se­curity. Out of sheer national pride, we have not been able to accept help and assistance from those who know better, who can help us to secure this country. “This is an opportunity for me to call on our leaders, just like I am saying that other states should learn from Riv­ers State, we in Nigeria must also accept assistance from other countries in order to se­cure our borders, secure our democracy, secure our place and secure the citizens of this country. That is the only way to go. We must learn from those who have done better than us.” On his part, Wike said, the non-stop inauguration of completed projects in the state has silenced critics, and members of the opposition party, the All Progressives Congress (APC).