OWERRI – As Nigerians embrace the new year with hope for a radical departure from the year 2020, elder statesman and member, BOT of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Chief Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu has called for an immediate struc­tural change of the nation’s security network, in addition to the establishment of state police to fight insurgency in the country. Speaking to newsmen at his country home Attah, in the Ikeduru council area of Imo State, Iwuanyanwu in his new year message, warned that the nation might contin­ue to swim in the ocean of insecurity without a radical change of the current security architecture which he said is embarrassingly porous. According to him, the quest to tackle that eliminat­ing insurgency in the troubled North East might remain a tall dream without the emergence of state police. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “The more advanced na­tions of the world including America all have their own state police and so, it is only neat and wise for us to repli­cate this here to tackle the fes­tering insecurity in the land. “We have tried for a decade now to address this problem but all to no avail and so, I urge the federal government to re­structure our own security network which is currently porous”. Unlimited Possibilities Of Water Transportation Will Ease Traffic Congestion – LASG Why RCCG Canceled Cross-Over Service – Pastor Adeboye Decrying the persistent bloody operations of the Boko Haram Islamic sect who he noted are armed to such an ex­tent that they defeat the people, Iwuanyanwu said “you can only handle insurgency from the ground and get the people involved from the grassroots else they (Boko Haram) will come to the Southern part of the country. “I urge President Mu­hammed Buhari to restruc­ture our security in the new year, involve the states, LGAs and communities to defend themselves”. Iwuanyanwu, who is the grand patron of the Ohanaeze Ndigbo, also warned of an impending food crisis in the country as people do no lon­ger feel safe to go to farms to produce food because of the Boko Haram sect. He lamented that kidnap­ping had now become a lu­crative business for die hard criminals just as some now take to it as a profession with­out qualms. Describing the year 2020 as one loaded with challenges to humanity and which adverse­ly affected the world econo­my largely occasioned by the Covid-19 pandemic, the elder statesman enjoined Nigerians to embrace peace, love and uni­ty and to shun all divisive ten­dencies capable of dragging the nation backwards. “Let us love one another and pray to God who has the power to stop all evils”, he con­cluded. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION