LAGOS  – In response to the challenges posed by the COVID-19 Pandemic, the Federal Government developed the N2.3 trillion Economic Sustainability Plan (ESP), which consists of fiscal, monetary and sectoral measures to enhance local production, support businesses, retain and create jobs and provide succour to Nigerians, especially the most vulnerable, Otunba Richard Adeniyi Adebayo, Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment has restated. Adebayo, in an exclusive interview with DAILY INDEPENDENT at the weekend, also said that the Federal Government has perfected plans with necessary, polices to accelerate the recovery and growth of the Nigerian economy beyond this year. According to him, the Federal Government has approved and funded an export expansion facility to promote export financing, export infrastructure, such as setting up of export warehouses, capacity development for exporters and to facilitate market access for exporters to regional and global markets. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said: The ESP will provide different avenues of Government support for micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) to enable them respond to the economic challenges of COVID-19. This includes safeguarding about 300,000 jobs in 100,000 MSMEs by guaranteeing off-take of priority products; and a Survival Fund to support vulnerable SMEs in designated vulnerable sectors in meeting their payroll obligations and safeguarding jobs from the shock of COVID-19. “In addition, the Federal Government through the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has provided a N1trillion Intervention Fund for the Manufacturing Sector which will ensure a more resilient and self-reliant economy by ensuring funds are available to build a base of high-quality infrastructure. Ogbaru Main Market Gets New Leadership NGO Urges Proper Trauma Management For Migrant Returnees “The Federal Government also set up the Nigerian Police Trust Fund (NPTF) to address issues of security of lives and properties as a response to the security issues and challenges confronting the country. “The Federal Government has approved the sum of N13.3 billion for the take-off of the Community Policing initiatives across the country, as part of the measures adopted to consolidate efforts aimed at boosting security nationwide. “Beyond our long-term vision of boosting local production, we must improve the ease of doing business in Nigeria because a common feature of developed markets is a high ranking in the World Bank’s Ease– of-Doing Business Index”. The Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment acknowledged that Nigeria recently moved up 15 places in the World Bank’s Ease–of-Doing Business Index as a result of the removal of several bottlenecks in government processes. He said: “Our efforts at further improving the ease of doing business in Nigeria is based on the implementation of the Presidential Enabling Business Environment Council’s (PEBEC) 4-year Business Environment Transformation Roadmap, which we believe will move Nigeria further up and maintain a rate of improvement of 10 places per annum to become a top 100 contender in 2023. “In order to turn this into reality, we’re focused on enhancing the efficiency of port operations, a critical step to securing a greater share of the global non-oil export market.”