Kim Kardashian and Kanye West’s marriage has been rocked by claims that ‘divorce is imminent’ after six years together. According to Page Six, Kim is preparing to file for divorce from the rapper after a rocky year. According to the gossip website, multiple sources confirm that “divorce is imminent,” with Kim already hiring Laura Wasser, who has represented Angelina Jolie, Heidi Klum, and Kardashian herself when she divorced Kris Humphries back in 2011. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The news comes after claims that Kanye is ‘fed up’ with the entire Kardashian clan and reportedly spent the holidays separate from them.  Grammy Awards Now Set For March 14 -Says Organiser Orisabunmi Is Dead Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have been in marriage counseling, and we’ve learned the subject of divorce was looming for much of 2020, but they haven’t given up. Multiple sources with direct knowledge tell TMZ, the marriage was in deep trouble for the last half of 2020. In fact, we’re told Kim was ready to pull the plug on the marriage at one point but it was when Kanye was going through a serious bipolar episode and she felt it was cruel to do it when he wasn’t well. They have been living separately for a few months … with Kanye spending the majority of his time in Wyoming while she has been in Calabasas with the kids. They were absorbed in personal business projects and didn’t focus on making any final decisions. Kim has gone back and forth, we’re told … at times thinking divorce was the only option but other times believing there was a chance to save the marriage. That’s why they took a family vacation late last year … to see if they could repair things.  Everything got put on hold for the Christmas holidays, but now the issue is front and center. Kim’s had disso queen Laura Wasser on retainer for years for various reasons, and the subject of divorce was discussed months ago, but Kim never gave the green light to file. Her ambivalence is understandable, what with 4 small kids. They married in May, 2014. We’re told no final decision has been made, and it’s telling they’ve been in counseling for a while. We’re told their issues have been neither contentious nor ugly, but they do have lots of differences … from lifestyle to politics. They are, however, fully aligned on parenting. One thing our sources wanted to make clear … there is no third party. As for the likelihood of divorce … we’re told don’t bet against it.