IBADAN  – The Oldest Hospital in Ibadan metropolis, Idi Ogogo, has been renovated by the Caretaker Chairman of Ibadan North Local Government Area of Oyo State, Hon. Waheed Adeniyi Akanbi, popularly known as Omojobi’ro. Hon. Akanbi, while briefing newsmen on his achievement since his assumption of office as the caretaker chairman of the Local Government said he has been able to key into Governor Seyi Makinde’s agenda that is in line with the development of the State. He said, our able Governor Makinde has instructed us to key into developmental projects that will have direct impact on the entire citizens and residents of our dear State, and that is exactly what have been doing since my assumption into office as the caretaker chairman of the Local Government, Ibadan North. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “To the glory of God and the support of the Governor of the Masses, the God sent messenger, Engr Seyi Makinde, have been able to directly touch the lives of my people at the grassroots. “I recently commissioned some projects across my local government areas. Those projects are meant for the use of my people. The oldest hospital in Ibadan has been renovated, with the construction of motorised borehole, and waiting hall for our patients. Naira Marley Slams Relationship Advisers Nutrition For People With Cancer “We also procure a generating set for the hospital which can be used for both pumping of water, as well as an alternative to electricity power whenever there is no electricity supply, in the hospital.” Hon. Akanbi Omojobiiiro further highlighted parts of his stewardship as the caretaker chairman of Ibadan North Local Government, stressed that he recently commissioned the abandoned skill acquisition center in Oke Ibadan area. He said, the skill acquisition center has long been abandoned without roof, I renovated it with State of the heart facilities, and some basic amenities that will make lives more conducive for our youths and adults that will be making use of it, now we have contributed to the center through construction of toilets, motorised bore hole, generating set, roofing, procurement of furnitures, as well as the entire painting of the center to make it more appealing to our people that will be using it. “Not only that, I equipped the center with necessary tools such as furnitures making tools, hairdressing tools, fashion designing, caterer tools and as well as other vocational training materials that are needed for our teeming youths and adults and that are unemployed, so they can be trained, on how to be self-employed. “I procure a set of needed kits for our state Vigilante group that are in my local government areas to enhance the security of lives and properties of my people. I support them with cash as well as phones for effective communications, as we all know that adequate and timely useful information are key to security personnel. “I have been able, through the support of Governor Makinde and his wife, Engr. Mrs. Taminiomini Olufunke Makinde to equally positively affect the lives of my people in Gbekube Alagbafo Area, for the constructions of the pedestrian bridge I recently commissioned for their use, as the popular Alagbafo river has for a very long period of time cut them from crossing to other side of the community and this has greatly affected their daily basis transactions. “Not only that have been able to pay training fees of not less than 250 of both the youths and adults under my jurisdiction for different types of vocational training, and I also make sure I got them all the required tools they will need to be self-employed at the end of the training, and I also support them with cash to stand on their own. “All farmers in my local government also benefited from our cash support initiative, to enhance farming activities. I constructed drainages at Yemetu Market to ensure free flow of water erosion during the rainy season, the pedestrian bridge constructed at Gbekube the area was constructed in such a way that it controls the Alagbafo river from overflowing its bank whenever there is raining. “These and other projects have been done within the shortest period of our being in office as the caretaker chairman of the Ibadan North Local Government, just to ensure that our people at the grassroots benefit directly from this current Engr. Seyi Makinde led administration,” Hon. Akanbi said. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION