Lagos- Come Thursday January 21, Yoruba Patriots Movement will hold a conference to deliberate on prevailing and future socio-political challenges as well as prospects of Yoruba nation with emphasis on issues that bother on welfare, security and mutual coexistence of Yoruba people within a peaceful, stable and united Nigeria. According to a statement made available to Daily Independent at the weekend and signed by Engr. Adekunle Olayinka, Secretary, Planning Committee For PAN-Yoruba Summit Conveners, the summit with the theme; “Yoruba Nation: Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow” is scheduled to hold at the International Conference Centre, University of Ibadan. Olayinka said the summit will be held in strict compliance with COVID-19 protocols and will feature a virtual component to facilitate the participation of wide spectrum of stakeholders in the affairs of Yoruba nation. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said it would be co-chaired by General Alani Akinrinade, former Chief of Defence Staff and High Chief Rashidi Ladoja, former Governor of Oyo State, adding that it will have in attendance present and former governors as well as notable past and present political office holders in the six southwest States of Lagos, Ekiti, Ogun, Ondo, Osun and Oyo. The conference according to him will receive royal blessings from custodians of Yoruba Traditional institutions: Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi (Ojaja II), Ooni of Ife; Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi (II), Alaafin of Oyo; Oba Adedotun Aremu Gbadebo (II), Alake of Egba Land; Oba Rilwan Akiolu, Oba of Lagos; Oba Fredrick Obateru Akinruntan; Olugbo of Ugbo Kingdom; Oba Rufus Aladesanmi (II), Ewi of Ado Ekiti; Oba Saliu Akanmu Adetunji (Aje Oguguniso I), Olubadan of Ibadan Land; Oba Sikiru Adetona, The Awujale of Ijebu Land; Oba Adebanji Ajibade Alabi (Afuntade I), Alawe of Ilawe; Oba (Dr.) Aderemi Alayemore, the Olujudo of Ido-Osun. Fayemi’s Aide After My Life – Lere Olayinka BREAKING: Kano State Government Insist Schools Resumes Tomorrow Vice President, Federal Republic of Nigeria, His Excellency Professor Yemi Osinbajo is expected to declare the Summit open. Prominent Yoruba political chieftains and opinion leaders expected at the Summit include; Afenifere patriarch, Chief Reuben Fasoranti; Senator Biyi Durojaiye, Prince Tajudeen Olusi, Otunba Subomi Balogun, Chief Afe Babalola, Aare Gani Adams amongst others. Key resource persons for the Summit include; Pastor Tunde Bakare, Latter Rain Assembly; Dr. Yemi Farounbi, Former Nigeria Ambassador to Phillipine; Dr. Tokunbo Awolowo-Dosunmu, Obafemi Awolowo Foundation; Professor Ayoade Oduola, Director, University of Ibadan Research Foundation; Professor Siyan Oyefeso, Director General, Centre of African Culture, Osogbo; Professor Adegbenga Onabamiro, Dr. Azeez Adeduntan and Senator Smart Adeyemi representing Kogi West. He said that a communiqué on the way forward that approximates the concerns and expectations of Yoruba nation in Nigeria will emanate from deliberations at the Summit.