Damaturu- As part of strategic and critical measures for the advancement of education in Yobe state, Governor Mai Mala Buni has on Thursday received the report from the Committee set up to revamp the Almajiri System of Education in the state. The Committee was chaired by the Commissioner Ministry of Basic and Secondary Education, Muhammad Sani Idriss. Receiving the report, Governor Mai Mala Buni said “You will recall that on assumption of office on 29th May 2019, l declared a state of emergency on basic and secondary education. This underscores the importance this administration attaches to education”. “Let me state with sense of satisfaction that  the recent publication made by the state ministry of education in some national dailies last week, showcasing our journey so far after the declaration of state of Emergency on education and the performance of our students in the 2020 WAEC examination gladdens my heart and made me proud”. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Speaking on western education, he revealed that a total of 12,042 students were registered for WAEC out of which 725 students scored distinctions and credits in all the nine subjects. We also had 2,530 students who scored distinctions and credits in five subjects and above including English and Mathematics. There were 8,042 others who scored credits with pass in Mathematics while 7,008 scored credits with pass in English. According to him a good number of these students were so happy and posted their results on the social media for the world to see their performances. “This is unprecedented, very impressive and very encouraging. It also shows that we are on course and the declaration of emergency on education is worthwhile and paying”. Akpabio Calls For Partnership In Development Of Niger Delta Region Nigerian Stock Market Gains N325bn On Enhanced Buying Interest He reassured that government would continue to work on measures that would consolidate their drive towards salvaging education to fast track meaningful development in the state. “Like most states in the North, Qur’anic, Almajiri or Tsangaya schools have been part of our educational and religious upbringing.  Most people get enrolled into Tsangaya Schools before enrolling into formal schools. Such schools provided both the religious knowledge and the knowledge required for documentation of transactions among others”. “However , the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic had twisted the fate of the Tsangaya schools and the Almajiri students where many states in the recent past deployed the Almajiris back to their states of origin. Here in Yobe state, we did not only receive our citizens who were deployed from other states but refused to deploy others to their states of origin. This however, saw the need for government to introduce effective reforms that would suit the pursuit of Tsangaya education to reflect the current realities”. “As one of the leading States in the teaching of Qur’anic education in the country, government constituted the State Steering Committee on Reform of Tsangaya System of Education. A total of 3,838 schools comprising boarding, Day and satellite or Ci-Rani Tsangaya schools were recorded with an enrolment figure of 180,371 Almajiris”. “I wish to commend the Steering Committee on Reform of Tsangaya System of Education for traveling far and wide to obtain authentic data on the schools and making consultations with our Royal fathers and Islamic scholars which culminated into these far-reaching recommendations that could transform the Tsangaya system of education in Yobe State. I assure you that the report would be studied thoroughly for immediate implementation”.