President of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) Amaju Pinnick has ex­plained why he is support­ing owner of Mamelodi Sundown of South Africa, Patrice Motsepe, to become the next president of the Confederation of African Football (CAF). Despite having other West Africa candidates vying for same position, Pinnick has decided to pitch his tent with the Southern African candidate after he dumped his own ambition. The Motsepe campaign team has recently been to Nigeria, Ghana, Cote d’Ivo­ire, Burkina Faso, Guinea Conakry, Togo and Benin. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! While South Africa Foot­ball Association (SAFA) President, Dr. Danny Jordaan and his Nigerian counterpart, Pinnick have been headlining the cam­paign, they were joined by the FA presidents of the visited West African coun­try. “This campaign has been an all-inclusive in which the aforementioned countries’ FA Presidents joined the team to promote Mr. Mo­tsepe as an ideal candidate to lead CAF to what we want the continental body to be and that is to compete glob­ally as an equal partner. Eaglets Romps Into Semi-Finals In Togo! All Set For Champion Of Champions Wrestling Tourney ‘’In West Africa, we were well received and it was a brilliant tour. Here is a busi­nessman doing business in more than 41 African coun­tries and employing the youth of Africa. “His vision is to take Af­rican football to the next stage, he will make a huge difference and making him Africa’s preferred candidate for CAF President’s position is a no-brainer,’’ Pinnick told SAFA. Apart from meeting the Togo, Benin, Cote d’Ivoire, Guinea Conakry and Burki­na Faso FA Presidents, the Motsepe Team has so far been to various other Afri­can countries. Next in line is consoli­dating the COSAFA bloc as well as visiting the critical CECAFA region. CAF has already received and is currently evaluat­ing five candidatures for the presidency of the body whose election will take place on March 12 in Rabat, Morocco. On Thursday, CAF an­nounced it had validated two of these candidatures: that of Augustin Senghor, presi­dent of the Senegalese Foot­ball Federation, and that of Ivorien Jacques Anouma, former president of the Ivo­rien Football Federation.