IBADAN- The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Subawa filling station, along Igboora/Idere road, Alhaja Serifat Adisa has been killed in a failed kidnap attempt opposite her filling station at about 08:35hrs Saturday 02/01/20. An eyewitness said at the the time of the operation with sporadic shootings, stray bullet killed two boys on motorcycle, who wanted to buy fuel in the station. Two nine-year-old cousins were said to have been killed in the incident while the mother to one of them was said to have been hit by a stray bullet. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Mrs. Sherifat Adisa, who was allegedly abducted and whisked away to an unknown destination, was later found dead on Sunday. Her corpse was said to have been found along the bush path on Sunday morning. Alleged Sexual Harassment: Barakat’s Father Withdraws Case Against Ogun Commissioner My Late CoP Was Trusted, Loyal, Dependable- Akeredolu It was learnt that the woman was forcefully dragged out of the station in an attempt to kidnap her but she did not give her consent, while arguing with them she was shot dead by the kidnappers in the bush, far away opposite the filling station at about 2315hrs. It was also learnt that with the efforts of Amotekun/Vigilante group in the midnight, five suspects were arrested, one was arrested at De Link Hotel, Idere when he was discussing with others on phone, later others were arrested. It was learned that they have been handed over to Operation Burst in the Ibarapa axis. While confirming the incident, the Oyo State Police Commissioner, CP Joe Nwachukwu in a statement made available to newsmen on Monday by the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Gbenga Fadeyi also confirmed that a Doctor was kidnap at Tapa town. He noted that some suspects have been arrested and investigation has began the bring the culprits to book. According to the statement, “The attention of the Commissioner of Police, Oyo State Command, CP Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, has been drawn to the two incidents that happened at Idere in Ibarapa Central Local Government Area, where a businesswoman and two nine-year-old cousins were killed by unknown gunmen, while a man known as Dr. Akinyele was abducted in Tapa in the Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State on the 2nd of January, 2021.” “The CP wishes to state that regarding the incident of murder at Idere where three persons were killed, some suspects have been arrested through the collaborative efforts of the Police and other local security agents i.e. vigilantes, hunters, etc. and investigation has commenced.” “The outcome will be made public in due time. Furthermore, intensive manhunt is still ongoing around the area to arrest other fleeing suspects (if any) and at the same time, massive deployment is (being done) to restore confidence to the community in particular and the whole Ibarapa axis in general.” The CP stressed further that the abduction of Dr. Akindele in his hospital, though not officially reported to the Divisional Police headquarters in Ayete as stated by the DPO was an issue of concern. Nonetheless, he reiterates his commitment to rejig the security architecture of the area (to do) more than the previous year —2020. He stated that, concerted efforts have been put in place to protect lives and property in Ibarapa axis in particular and the whole Oyo State in general. “The CP uses the opportunity to further assure all and sundry in Oyo State that adequate security measures have been put in place to professionally prevent any breakdown of law and order in the state. He stated that the good people of Oyo State are enjoined to go about their lawful businesses without any fear of molestation from any individuals, persons, or groups, while decrying the sudden increase in the rate of abduction in the state and the need to be more careful in our daily activities to stem the tide. “He concluded that as a new year package, the command expects collaboration and prompt dissemination of credible information from members of the public as the police in turn will give quality service delivery.” SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION