Liverpool host Man­chester United in a top-of-the-table English Premier League (EPL) clash on Sunday afternoon. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s Reds go to Anfield as lead­ers after claiming top spot with a win at Burnley on Tuesday evening. Paul Pogba’s volleyed winner sent us three points above the Merseysiders going into the weekend’s big clash. With the two most suc­cessful teams in England going head-to-head, the match is expected to showcase the fierce rival­ry between the clubs. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Victor Lindelof was ab­sent against Burnley on Tuesday evening, having missed the game against Watford in the Emirates FA Cup due to a back injury. The Swedish de­fender was the only pre-match doubt absent for United, as both Paul Pog­ba and Luke Shaw, who also missed the Hornets match, were back in the starting line-up at Turf Moor. For Liverpool, Dutch defender Virgil van Dijk remains sidelined with a long-term injury. The same is the case for fellow centre-back Joe Gomez, with Brazilian midfield­ers Fabinho and Jordan Henderson filling in at centre-back for Jurgen Klopp’s team as doubts persist over Joel Matip’s availability. Spanish Super Cup, CHAN 2020, Copa Del Rey, Live On StarTimes This Weekend Eaglets Romps Into Semi-Finals In Togo! In addition, Portuguese attacker Diogo Jota is ruled out due to a knee injury. Spanish midfield­er Thiago Alcantara has recently returned to the side, though, after being out of action for an ex­tended period. As the league position suggests, United have been in great form. In the last 11 EPL matches, the Reds have won nine and drawn the remain­ing two. The 20-times champions have not lost a league game since the start of November. If we only take the away games into account, Ole’s men have won seven out of eight EPL fixtures on the road this season – the most in the division. The only draw came on Box­ing Day, when they drew 2-2 with Leicester City. Hence, United go into the match at Anfield full of confidence. Liverpool will be look­ing to regain top spot. They have only won four of the last 10 matches in the league, failing to win in any of their last three fixtures. In their last match, Southampton beat the Merseysiders 1-0, thanks to a solitary goal from former Liverpool striker Danny Ings. Looking at the overall record of Man U against Liverpool, it has been fair­ly close over the years but United certainly edge it in terms of wins. In 232 games between the clubs since 1894, United have come out on top 88 times, whereas Liverpool have won 77. Some 67 matches have ended with honours even. It is always a tough battle when United and Liverpool go up against each other. In the last 10 meetings, there have been six draws. At Anfield, the hosts have the upper hand in recent seasons, having won two of the last four with two games ending 0-0. United’s last win against Klopp’s side, away was in January 2016, when Wayne Rooney scored a second-half winner. Their last triumph over the Merseysiders came in March 2018, as Marcus Rashford scored twice to secure a 2-1 win at the Theatre of Dreams. Mohamed Salah is the top goalscorer so far in the EPL with 13 goals to his name and is one of Liverpool’s main threats going forward. In this fix­ture last term, the Egypt international scored in injury-time to seal a 2-0 win on the counter-attack as United were looking for a late equaliser. He forms part of a consistent for­ward line also comprising Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino.