As politicians strategise for 2023, political year,  the Kaduna State Governor, Malam Nasir El-Rufai has called on the electorate to consider voting other tribes into elective positions in Chikun, Kajuru and other local government areas of the State. The governor said there is nothing wrong in giving opportunity to other tribes to contest and lead at all levels of governance. He urged the electorate to give the Kabilus the opportunity to provide leadership in the House of Assembly, in the House of Representatives and also in the local government areas since they have majority number. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! El-Rufai disclosed , ”We have reached a point in the State that appointments are based on merit and performance, this is what we believe and we have adopted it as a principle here in Kaduna and expect it to be replicated in election contest. According to him,  “APC is a party that gives equal opportunity to candidates at all levels of governance without bias. So, we are not surprised to see lots of people dumping their parties in Chikun and other parts of the state to APC. Take Care Of Youths Or They Will End Your Govt, Mbaka Warns Buhari, NASS Anambra 2021: Former Gov Etiaba’s Son Eyes Obiano’s Seat “More so, that we have done so much in the areas of education; health, infrastructural development and attracting economic activities,  for example Olam Industry located in Chikun Local government area to attract lots of decampees into our great party APC”. Speaking during an end of year meeting of other tribes under the aegis of Kabilu Unified Forum held at Green Marhaba Hotel, the Governor who was represented by his Political Adviser, Mr Ben Kure said from information available, other tribes form about seventy percent of the population in Chikun local government, hence the need to coordinate them and ensure they use the numerical strength to their advantage . He pointed out that Chikun is amongst the biggest LG, particularly in Southern Kaduna located in the Central Senatorial zone with Gbagis as the natives , but the Kabilus with a numerical strength of 70 percent feel they have not been able to make their own a member in the House of Assembly ,House of Representatives or even the local government chairman . ”They have supported the Gbagi people to win elections since 1999 .However, they feel it is high time they coordinated themselves as other tribes living here, doing their jobs and paying taxes.” ”I am happy they have discovered APC as the suitable party, which is open and fair to all members as against the norm in other parties, particularly the PDP that has locked its door and refused other tribes to get the ticket for elective positions.” ”So, the meeting is a wake up call to coordinate their numerical strength to capture power in the coming elections.” Fielding question from journalists shortly after the meeting, the Special Adviser on Political Matters to the Governor commended the former APGA candidate in the 2019 House of Representatives election for Chikun/Kajuru constituency, Hon. Ekene Adams for returning to APC . He however disclosed, ”It is not just Ekene Adams that has decamped to APC, we have multiple streams of decampment from the PDP to the APC, so many of them. In fact, it is a basket fully it has even filled up and spilling .We have opened our hands and received them, he stated. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION