Price waterhouse Coopers (PwC) Nigeria will sponsor this year’s edition of the Na­tional U-17 Cricket Champion­ship organised by the Nigeria Cricket Federation. The tournament has been structured to groom the next generation of cricketers who will represent Nigeria in in­ternational tournaments in future. The event, which fea­tures male and female catego­ries will take place across the six geopolitical zones of the country. The tournament in its sec­ond edition has been sched­uled to take place from 15 Jan­uary to 7 February 2021. The period will witness the zonal qualifications for both girls and boys as well as the finals. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The Girls Zonal Qualifica­tion will take place from 15 to 17 January, 2021, while the Boys Zonal Qualification will hold from 21 to 24 January, 2021. The finals for the Girls category is scheduled for 29 to 31 January, 2021, while the Boys’ finals will hold from 4 to 7 February, 2021. Commenting on PwC’s sponsorship, Uyi Akpata, Country Senior Partner PwC Nigeria noted: Away Point Equals Three Points –MFM Coach Cricket: Over 300 Players To Feature In Under-17 Zonal Qualifiers- Official “Our support for the cham­pionship is part of our Corpo­rate Responsibility initiatives aimed at empowering young people through increased grassroots participation in the game of Cricket. “Cricket helps to keep young cricketers active and gainfully engaged while im­proving their overall fitness. It helps them develop import­ant life skills in concentration, respect and team-work needed to succeed in every sphere of life. The championship also af­fords them an opportunity to take up Cricket professionally and win laurels for themselves and the Country in future.” There will be an elimina­tion series among states across the six regions in the country and a regional champion will emerge for the National Final scheduled to take place in Be­nin City, Edo State.