Lagos- National President, Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Biodun Ogunyemi, on Tuesday, declared that the union was opposed to the reopening of public universities over concerns its members could contract the second wave COVID-19 disease. Ogunyemi, who was a guest on Channels television expressed doubt that he nations 92 federal and state universities can cope said the situation in crowded lecture theatres and hostels. “Our concern is rooted in the safety of our members. What happens to congested hostels, crowded classrooms? What flexible arrangements are in place? It is a situation of emergency. I’m not sure the Universities can cope. We are aware that some universities are putting measures in place, with alternative learning models”, Ogunyemi added. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Speaking on measures that could guarantee the safety of its members and students, he said limited effort the union could adopt can only go far to a certain point as Universities and students need extra assistance to deal with the change to virtual learning. He added, “But these efforts are limited. They get to a point they can’t go further. ASUU has been talking about revitalization since 2012. These are some of the areas where the assistance would have helped. Universities need huge funds to do this.” Senate Will Not Betray Nigerians, Lawan Insists Ganduje Commiserates With His CSO Over Father’s Death According to him, the virtual class option may run into trouble, saying more than 60 percent of the student population cannot afford data or smartphones to get the full value of online learning. However, as Nigerians eagerly await federal government directive on schools resumption earlier scheduled for January 18, stakeholders have called for caution against further infliction of pains on school owners and the education sector. A public commentator, Subair Muhydeen charged the federal government to come up with creative ideas to keep the learning going without resorting to another shut down of the all-important sector. He advised the government not to disrupt the new timetable released by the National Examination Council (NECO), warning that nothing should hold back the completion.