The Ekiti State chapter of the National Council of Muslim Youth Organisations, (NACOMYO) has tasked governor Kayode Fayemi  to do everything within his constitutional powers to secure the release of the kidnapped Ekiti Petrol dealer,Alhaji Suleiman  Akinbami . Tajudeen Olutope Ahmed, NACOMYO Coordinator in Ekiti in a statement made available to journalists said  the governor should  henceforth take responbility of  paying ransoms being demanded by abductors NACOMYO argued that the call had become necessary because the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (1999), as amended stated in Section 14 (2)(b) that “the security and welfare of the people shall be the primary purpose of government”. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! ” One of the most traumatic woes that has become the lot of this nation is kidnapping. The roads  are laden with kidnappers who are taking advantage of the terribly bad portions. This has no doubt make road transportation a risky endeavor in Nigeria.” NACOMYO said Ahmed said in view of the constitutional provision quoted, Gov Kayode Fayemi, should pay without delay, the ransom being demanded by the kidnappers of Alhaji Sulaimon Akinbami from his security votes. Lawyer Writes Fayemi Over Alleged Maltreatment Of Housewife By Aide NSCDC Arraigns18-Year-Old Man For Allegedly Defiling Minor ” We equally request the governor to henceforth pay ransom on all kidnap victims from his security votes. ” In this way, the governor will be living up to the dictates of Section 14 (2) (b) of the constitution. ” As much as we will continue to pray for the safe and quick release of Alhaji Sulaimon Akinbami, who is one of the past State Coordinators of NACOMYO, we urge government to expedite actions towards securing his freedom by paying the ransom being demanded by the kidnappers”, the statement said. ” In Ekiti, it is not only the roads that are laden with kidnappers; the entire milieu seems unsafe and risky, as people are being kidnapped at the comfort of their homes and business premises. ” This is a new variant of kidnapping and it is more virulent and catastrophe. People can no longer guarantee their safety even in their homes. There is no safe haven any longer in Ekiti State.