Lagos- For the country and Lagos State in particular to battle the deadly Covid-19 virus to a halt, there is need for drivers and commuters to abide by all safety measures. This, is according to Engr. Akin George Fashola, Director, Vehicle Inspectorate Services, (VIS), Lagos state. Speaking with journalists in his office on Friday Engr. Fashola said, “Covid-19 is real and it is deadly. Nobody should joke with it or say it is not real. The disease does not maim but kills so why will people not use facemasks and obey all the safety guidelines like maintaining social distance , washing of hands regularly and going to hospitals when they are sick?”, Engr. Fashola queried. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said, “We can defeat this virus seeing that it is better and less costly to obey all the safety guidelines than to lockdown the country. We do not want Lagos State to be lockdown for a second time, therefore we will begin our second phase of mass enforcement and sensitisation of drivers especially commercial drivers and commuters to ensure the use of facemasks, observe social distance in the vehicles and other safety rules”. To this end, officials of the Vehicle Inspectorate Services, VIS Lagos State will from next week continue its mass sensitization and enforcement of the use of facemasks and social distancing for drivers and commuters in Lagos state which suffered a setback since the #Endsars protest. Reckless Okada Rider Dies In Osun Father Nabbed, Stepmother At large For Allegedly Molesting Two-Yr-Old Son In Delta The enforcement according to the Director of the VIS Lagos Engr. Akin George Fashola is to ensure that the state is not forced into another lock down. Addressing misconceptions promoting non adherence to safety measures, Engr. Fashola said, “Some people feel government is punishing them when they are told to wear facemasks and observe social distancing but what will government gain from that? “People say Covid-19 is not an African disease but this second wave is even deadlier and it kills faster. When others say that Covid-19 is not their portion, then whose portion is it? It is wise to abide by all the safety rules so that the disease will not be their portion. They should take it seriously by observing all the safety rules which should be a personal responsibility to stay alive. Fashola insisted. He advised that, “Commercial drivers should not put gain or profit above health safety by conveying people in overcrowded vehicles. It is only those alive that can eat, so it is wise to adjust and comply with the safety measures and live long. “Wear your facemasks, and observe all the safety rules so government will not be forced to lock down the state a second time. As an agency we do not want the state to be locked down, therefore we will continue to work with other stakeholders to enforce government directives aimed at stopping the spread of Covid-19”, he added.