COVID has been a big setback and particularly a setback for the poorest countries which mostly domiciled on the continent of Africa. Besides the International Finance Corporation (IFC) and World Bank increasing financing to the region to help grow the economy, Stephanie von Friedeburg, Interim Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of the IFC, the private sector arm of the World Bank, in this interview monitored by BAMIDELE FAMOOFO, said for Africa to leap frog, the digital infrastructure must be put in place. She disclosed that the IFC would try to do as much as 40% of its business in the poorest countries in the world by 2030. Excerpts… Could you tell us how COVID-19 has changed what you do at the International Finance Corporation and what you’ve done all year? I think you’re completely right in thinking about COVID as a crisis. It’s just dealing such a huge blow to our efforts to fight poverty and to raise standards of living. And we’re certainly seeing it from the private sector perspective. So remember, IFC is the private sector arm of the World Bank Group. And we deal only with private sector companies. And we’ve seen our business really pivot and change very dramatically over the course of the last year. What we’ve tried to do is frame it in a way that helps us think, “Well, what is it we’re trying to deliver in relation to development?” So we’ve come up with our three Rs. The first is what we call relief. So we know that there’s been a substantive hit on supply chains, trade shocks. And so our trade finance business, which has always been a core of our business, has grown very substantially. And we’ve seen it in the poorest countries in particular, where we know that we need to continue to keep trade flowing. So we’ve seen an increase in trade finance in that relief piece. We’ve also seen many of our existing clients needing working capital and needing liquidity, and we believe it was important for us when we typically don’t do a lot of liquidity or working capital, but important for us to step in and help our existing clients to withstand the crisis, keep them solvent so that when we come out of the crisis, we can rebuild faster and better. Then to our second R, which is really around restructuring. We’re beginning to see some interesting opportunities in refinancing and re restructuring, which really has historically not been a large part of our business. But if you look at the global spillover in areas like tourism, there’s a lot that we can do. And historically, people have said to us, “Is investing in tourism really good for development?” And yet it’s 10% of the global GDP. And we might lose as many as 200 million jobs in emerging markets’ tourism as a result of the crisis. That’s 200 million families who lose access to income. So finding ways to put together restructuring funds to use every tool that we have so we can invest across the capital stack, making equity available in some of these restructurings, thinking about helping the strongest companies refinance, if refinancing is necessary to keep them from insolvency, I think will be very important. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! IFC invests in equity, meaning ownership of shares in companies, even in poor countries and especially in developing countries and then also in debt instruments of various types, Is that right, and what else is meant by capital stack? So that’s exactly right. We can invest as a very secured senior lender in a preferred position all the way down to a very small equity position in a startup company that’s using new technologies to try to solve development problems and everywhere in between. So we anchor bonds for some of the more sophisticated companies with the thought that we can help create local capital markets. We do project finance for big power projects, ports, airports, things like that. We can lend corporate finance to companies that need expansion or want to build out a facility. So it’s really everything you can imagine across that capital stack. Victory Will Allow Obaseki Focus On Delivering Electoral Promises – Idahosa Buhari Sacks Abdallah, NDLEA Chairman Okay. So a big challenge facing the world is COVID-19 itself and vaccines. So can you apply that to ways IFC is investing to help with vaccines? Yeah, maybe I’ll broaden that, the answer, a little bit, because we’ve always had a very active health and education practice, but what we saw almost immediately with the COVID-19 crisis was this massive need for supplies, ventilators, medical equipment, PPE. So just to put it in perspective, there’s 170,000 ventilators in the United States. There are three ventilators in the Central African Republic. So the first thing we thought is, “We have to find a way to help our countries of operation and our private sector hospitals and clinics figure out how to get the equipment and supplies they need.” So we created our global health platform to do just that. And it’s really a very innovative platform because it allows us to help companies in the developed world who are delivering to the developing world, which we don’t typically do, as well as help countries in the developing world. So I’ll give you a really good example. We have a clothing manufacturer we invested in, in Sri Lanka, called Hela. And when they began to see that people weren’t buying their trousers and their shirts and their dresses, they converted a big piece of their factory to create protective gear for hospitals and have begun exporting that across Asia. So we knew that there was a lot that we could do there. And now that we have the facility up and going, we see an opportunity to continue to pivot it toward not just vaccine production, but I would say some of the other areas around the logistics, the transport, the distribution, the cold storage, all of the things that the private sector potentially does a little bit better than the public sector and has the skills to actually do, so that we can roll that vaccine out as quickly and as equitably as we can across our countries of operation. What things can be supplied through the private sector, and how is that done in the poorest countries, the fragile, conflict, violent FCB countries that are such a challenge? I’ve been in development finance for 29 years, and I think the private sector is probably more important now than we’ve ever been in helping the global economy kick start growth as we emerge from this pandemic. And I say that because, and I’m sure we’ll come to this later, but we know there’s just limited fiscal space in our countries of  operation and especially in the poorest countries in the world. Governments don’t have the capacity to continue to create the economic growth and the jobs that are needed for the citizens in those countries. And so the private sector can and must play a super important role. But even before the crisis, we knew that in those poorest countries, finding ways for the private sector to intervene was extremely difficult. And there was a lack of bankable projects. So we created IFC 3.0, which today, as we build a more resilient recovery, is far more important than it was when we created it four years ago, because it’s really designed to say, “How can we, IFC, partner with our World Bank colleagues, partner with other MDBs and get the right policy and regulatory environments in place to incense private sector investment?” So we call it the cascade. But in essence saying if the private sector can invest and can build something out, use the private sector to do that and use your limited fiscal space as a government only in those places where the private sector can’t play. And then partnering with that is really us. So historically we’ve been takers of projects. Our clients have come to us and say, “IFC, we have a great idea. We want to build a hospital in Sierra Leone.” Now, what we’re asking ourselves is, can we actually step in? And if the policy and regulatory environment is right develop the projects ourselves, take our sponsors who we know we’ve invested with elsewhere in the world and bring them those opportunities. A good example is our scaling solar project where we’ve done just that. On the climate side, choosing projects or thinking about companies that are having a positive impact on climate change issues and reduction of greenhouse gases, for example, is one of the challenges. How does that all work? It’s a great question. We actually have created country private sector diagnostics and country strategies, and we actually use those to be able to have the conversation with our bank colleagues to say, in the key sectors in a particular economy, where do we see impediments or obstacles for the private sector to invest? And how can we get some of the development policy lending that the bank is doing in the country, or that ABB is doing in the country to really push the government in the right direction to get the policy changes so that we can continue to increase the level of private investment? We’ve done that, interestingly, very naturally with climate. I’ll give you a couple of examples, because both speak to climate and both speak to how we partner with the bank once we have the right policy and regulation. A couple of years ago, three years ago, we finished a very large hydro project in Cameroon, one of the largest in Western Africa, but we knew that the actual dam and the energy that was being generated couldn’t go through the local utility because it wasn’t strong enough financially. First, the bank actually helped us set up the right policy and regulatory environment to bid out the construction of the dam. Then through a partial credit guarantee from the bank, we were able to attract a very good private sector sponsor for the dam and raise almost a billion dollars of private sector money to fund the construction of the dam, knowing that there was a partial credit guarantee that was being made available through the utility from the world bank to give all of the investors comfort that we had de-risked the issue of the utility and their ability to continue to pay as part of their off-take agreement. That’s one example. Another example, as I mentioned earlier, is scaling solar, where … we started in Zambia. We’ve expanded to seven countries and have actually moved outside of Africa to Uzbekistan now. Again, we use the MIGA balance sheet, the IFC balance sheet, and the World Bank balance sheet. So, MIGA is the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency part of the World Bank Group, and so we can guarantee things like political risk? Exactly. We worked with our public private partnership advisory team in Zambia and help the government set up a series of standard documentation, that anyone who was bidding on them would understand the legal jurisdictions, the key rights they have, the manner in which the documentation works. Then, we were able to reach out to many of our existing sponsors with whom we have built solar projects in other parts of the world and attract them to bid. We used again, because we’re worried about the utility and their ability to create an off-take, we use a partial credit guarantee from the World Bank to give everybody comfort, we de-risk some of the political concerns with the MIGA balance sheet using insurance, and then we provide our own financing and help mobilize other private sector financing. Interestingly, in Uzbekistan, in the latest bid, we came in at two and a half cents a kilowatt hour. There was a major capital increase by IFC early in 2020. How is that changing how IFC operates? So the capital increase was historic, in the history of IFC, it’s really only the second large capital increase the institution has ever had. We have historically … Again, because we were able to invest across the capital stack, we’ve actually been very successful in taking what was originally the two and a half billion dollars of paid inequity and growing that to $25 billion via retained earnings. But when we looked at what our shareholders and stakeholders were asking of us, to do more in the poorest countries, to figure out how we bring the private sector to IDA, to fragile and conflict states, we knew we needed more capital. And so the agreement that we made with our shareholders was we would get more capital, and by 2030, we would try to do as much as 40% of our business in the poorest countries in the world. So the IDA 17 countries and plus some additional fragile and conflict states that fall outside of that IDA window. The thing I’m most pleased with is as a result of the COVID-19 crisis and as a result of the fact  that we had our capital increase and we have a very solid capital basis, a financial institution, we’ve really been able to think about how we lean into this crisis in ways that we haven’t in the past. And when I went back and pulled our independent evaluation groups reviews of other crises and how IFC behaved, they in essence said, “You say you’re a countercyclical institution, but you don’t always behave counter-cyclically.” And I think if you look at our $8 billion COVID-19 fast-track facility, the global health platform, some of the things that we’re trying to do with our asset management company and the creation of a restructuring fund, these are all really us leaning into the crisis to try to help our clients. And I think it’s going to make a difference. You said 40% of the business is coming from really poor countries. That’s going to be hard to make a profit at. And in addition, a big percentage of the business expected to have climate co-benefits as well. How can IFC do this within the constraints of the financial statements? Well, I think it could before the COVID-19 crisis. You asked early on, “Is your product mix changing? What are you seeing?” Because we do invest across the capital stack and we mark to market our equity book, you’ve seen our net income fluctuate really dramatically, and I think it will continue to do so over the course of the next 12 to 24 months. And we’re also seeing more and more of our sponsors putting those big projects on hold. So you said they’re pulling their horns in. The most recent number I saw said that domestic private investment and foreign direct investment in emerging markets has fallen by $950 billion this year. So I think the question remains for us is can we push our strategy, get the right policy and regulation and create those projects to attract that money back to countries of operation fast enough to reach our goal by 2030, together with the ability to continue to create the retained earnings that are necessary to keep the balance sheet and keep the financial sustainability. I think we’re going to have to watch how the crisis unwinds and unravels or ends and how long it takes for us to be able to decide can we get there by 2030, or does it take us a little longer? You’re a world expert on digitalization for countries. How do we invest in that area and what’s the biggest challenge for IFC in getting countries to have more connectivity, more financial transactions and more internet? So I have been a proponent of closing the digital divide and spoken loudly and publicly about it for a long time, because I think it was growing, not shrinking. So the crisis has a silver lining, it’s all things digital. And it’s also reveal the really fundamental divide between the infrastructure in the developed world and the infrastructure in the developing world, especially the poorest countries. So I think about creating digital economies when you need three things. First, you need the right digital infrastructure so that people can connect. Then you need to have citizens who are digitally literate. So they have the basic skills to be able to use applications that are created. And then the third piece is the entrepreneurship and the entrepreneurial ecosystem to design those applications for the context of the country. And with all three of those things, I believe that we can begin to really transform the way countries think about pulling their SMEs from informal to formal, the way that we think about creating financial access to the millions and millions of people who don’t have bank accounts, who don’t understand, how do we create financial health? We can do that digitally. The gap is wide. I think 20 of the least connected countries in the world are in Africa. You know there are 450 million children out of school because they don’t have access to the internet. If those children choose not to come back, they’re going to lack the basic reading and writing skills, the basic skills you need to create digital literacy for us to be able to create parity and equality around how you build a digitally engaged future. So I think we have a lot of work to do. We talk about the ability of Africa to leap frog, but I think the first thing we need to do, and the bank and IFC are working very tightly on this, is build the digital infrastructure. And typically, digital infrastructure has been built by the private sector. And I think again, using our IFC 3.0 strategy, getting our bank colleagues to help us get the right policy and regulation in place so that the private sector can build shared infrastructure, things like mobile towers, shared backbones, open access networks, these kinds of things will be.