IBADAN  – Workers at The Polytechnic, Ibadan, on Monday, declared an indefinite strike over the non-implementation of the minimum wage by the state government. At a general meeting of academic and non-academic staff convened by a Joint Committee of all Staff Unions, it was reiterated that the governing council and by extension the Oyo State government has repeatedly refused to implement the minimum wage for workers at the institution. The Chairman of the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Polytechnics (SSANIP), Ibadan Polytechnic chapter, Abiodun Abegunde in his opening remarks commended the workers for their steadfastness so far and assured that the issue would be fought to a logical conclusion. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to him, different efforts have been made to resolve the impasse to no avail, saying that the wage structure demanded by the unions is lower than what sister institutions in other states enjoy. The Non-Academic Staff Union of Educational and Associated Institutions (NASU) Chairman, in his submission, noted that the Governing Council itself was incapacitated by the overreaching activities of the Consultant. Recruitment: Ekiti SUBEB Releases Names Of Successful Teachers COVID-19: ASUU Expresses Concern Over Members’ Safety He frowned at the management’s submission to the directive from the National Board for Technical Education (NBTE) to lock down the school, just as it was not willing to implement the wage structure approved by the same NBTE. The representative of academic staff, Nurudeen Akinade noted that the activities of the consultant were a clear negation of the edict setting up the institution and asked that such be rejected outrightly, saying that no form of sabotage would prevent the achievements of the demands. Workers, who spoke at the meeting, agreed that they had endured enough and it seemed the state government had taken their patience for cowardice. However, the meeting moved a motion for strike action and seconded. The meeting emphasized that the strike will be total and comprehensive, adding that no worker is exempted as essential services till the government accedes to the demands.