Recently, outcome of a personnel audit by Universal Basic Education Commission (UBEC) revealed significant deficit in the number of qualified teachers at basic level in both public and private schools in Nigeria. A statement credited to the Executive Secretary of UBEC, Dr. Hamid Bobboyi noted that the outcome of National Personnel Audit (NPA) indicated that no fewer than 277, 537 qualified teachers are required to fill existing gaps at the basic level of education. The audit specifically revealed that while 73 percent of teachers in public basic schools are qualified, only 53 percent of the teachers in the private schools are eligible to teach at the basic level. Shortage of qualified basic teachers, no doubt, reflects the depth of the crises bedeviling Nigeria’s education sector. Quality of education depends largely on competence of personnel in the teaching profession who must acquire mandatory knowledge and trainings to be qualified as a teacher. Certification of teachers therefore becomes a compelling obligation of statutory bodies in the overall desire to make the teaching profession relevant to contemporary dynamics of knowledge impartation at different level of education. The deficit in the number of qualified teachers required at the basic level, to a large extent, reflects decades of neglect of the teaching profession in Nigeria. Inadequacy of qualified teachers at the basic level signposts major drawback in the quest to reposition the teaching profession and make it effective for delivery on the educational needs of the Nigerian society. Basic education is critical for development of any society to the extent that investment in quality of teachers should be at the core of enduring national development plan. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! It is recalled that the National Council on Education (NCE) in 2016 set December 31, 2019 as deadline for teachers in Nigeria to be certified and registered as professionals with the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria (TRCN). The deadline was predicated on assumption that individuals already engaged as teachers but with discrepancies in minimum requirements for qualification will update their credentials and by so doing eligible for registration with TRCN. Over 2 million teachers have been captured under Teacher Information System (TIS) as at the end of 2019 with the expectation that only qualified teachers will be eligible to teach in schools. Two years after the deadline, it is worrisome that Nigeria still parades a large number of unqualified basic teachers in public and private schools. The plight of Nigerian teachers remains a major concern considering that neglect of the education sector and particularly the welfare of classroom teachers constitute major disincentive to acceptable standards of education. Notwithstanding, the menace of unqualified teachers and the likelihood of quackery in the teaching profession in worst case scenario cannot be tolerated any further. A major reason why teaching profession; particularly at the basic level has lost its prestige is largely attributable to the decades of system failure that makes teaching profession all-comers affairs. However, beyond ensuring that teachers are enrolled under the TIS as well as for other administrative purposes, government at all levels must rededicate commitment to improving manpower of categories of personnel in the teaching profession. Beyond the statutory responsibility of payment of salaries which unfortunately most of the states government struggle to discharge, funding of research based knowledge acquisition and regular training for teachers must be accorded priority attention if the dwindling quality of education as witnessed progressively in the last three decades is to be curtailed in the overall interest of the society. Quality of teaching can only be enhanced through commitment to periodic improvement in the capacities of personnel. It is however a pleasant development that UBEC appears optimistic that the 10 percent of its allocated revenue to professional development of teachers through States’ Universal Basic Education Boards (SUBEBs) would provide some remedies. While there is the concern about the likelihood of optimal utilisation of such intervention funds for the purposes for which they were earmarked, we are convinced that government needs to commit more resources to bring about significant impact in improvement of capacities of teachers. Restive Militants And Niger Delta Peace Process South East Governors And Worsening Insecurity In The Region We are however not unconscious of the fact that a large chuck of unqualified teachers who may even be more than percentage captured by the audit are in private schools that are growing in huge numbers in towns and villages across the country. We are concerned as to the effectiveness of existing regulatory agencies at the state level in ensuring that private schools commit as much priority to recruiting qualified teachers in addition to engendering periodic enhancement of requisite capacities that meet the minimum requirement for qualification and suitability for teaching at the basic level. Going forward, relevant regulatory agencies must ensure that entry qualification for potential teachers meets minimum requirement and in tandem with the objective of ensuring core competencies of teaching. More important however is to appreciate that addressing shortage of qualified teachers at the basic level should be seen beyond meeting the requirement of recruitment. There is need for periodic on-the-job training for the purposes of personnel development and recertification to make teaching profession in Nigeria meet global standards.