LAGOS- Dr. Chukwuemeka Ezeife, former governor of Anambra State has said that plan is under way  from other regions of the country to support the move for Presidency from the Igbo extraction in 2023, stressing that Ndigbo will survive the pull down policy of the federal government and get their rightful position. Ezeife maintained that God has approved the move by Ndigbo for President, stressing that other regions are even more concerned about the Sourh-East region producing the next presidency than the people of the region. The former governor in a chat with DAILY INDEPENDENT  said, “People from other regions are working harder  for the actualization of a President from the South-East region  more than the people from the region. Somebody rescind an appointment in Kaduna State to be able to support the move. Another person in Edo State is so committed to the move  that he organized a conference.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Speaking further, he said that It was unfortunate that the county had drifted into a sorry state, stressing that the young men in the South-East found it difficult to understand why people like him still support one Nigeria in spite of the pull down the Igbo man policy of the federal government. Ezeife said, “We can survive the pull down policy of President Muhammadu Buhari’s led government, and we would get an Igbo man elected as the President of this country in 2023 with the support of other regions,” 8 Killed As Gunmen Attack Zamfara Community COVID-19: 1,444 New Cases, Reported As Nigeria’s Total Reaches 110,387 He warned that if the South East region fails to get a shot at the presidency in 2023, that Ndigbo would take it as a rejection, pointing out that a man who is rejected would not reject himself but look for other means of survival. He maintained that the country would be  better off with an Igbo man as president at this stage of so much economic and social devastation. “Ndigbo are committed people, they have permanent interest because you see them all over the country. They have investments across the country.” “They build the best houses in any part of the country where they settle. So, they are not interested in political dominance but in level playing ground for economic emancipation. Business is our vested interest and we know that if this country is restructured, we will enjoy the large market  of Nigeria,” he said. Expressing concern over the killings in the Northerner part of the country in particular, Ezeife said, “The problem in this country is that we keep talking about right, justice and equity but there is need to be concerned about the killings going in the country, especially in the Northern part of the country.” “We cannot continue to watch people die on a daily basis in this country. Our desire to lead the country is borne out of genuine interest to fix the country.  So, Ndigbo can fix Nigeria.”