IBADAN- The Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board, (OyoSUBEB) in collaboration with Universal Basic Education Commission, has concluded training of 3, 552 teachers from Primary schools under its Teachers’ Professional Development Programme. The Executive Chairman, OyoSUBEB, Dr. Nureni Adeniran said that the training, which started on Monday Jan 4, 2021 was structured to herald the new academic session in the State. Adeniran also said the training which was organized in conjunction with Universal Basic Education Commission was structured to enhance the teachers’ capacity and teaching efficiency in the new session. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Adeniran further said the training of teachers would enable them to provide quality education to primary school pupils at primary level. The Teachers’ Professional Development Programme is an education reform programme that is poised at developing highly skilled teachers through training, supporting and motivating existing government teachers to succeed in their duties. Kontagora: Benue Declares Tuesday Work-Free Court Nullifies Sack Of Tribune Staff “At the Oyo State Universal Basic Education Board, we believe every child has the right to be properly trained, this is why we are training you the trainers. “Engr. Seyi Makinde-led government is committed to raising the standard of education in Oyo State, and we intend to achieve this through regular training of our teachers”, he said further. He added, “We would leave no stone unturned in the training of these little ones, so that they may not pose any threat in the future to our society” Adeniran reiterated the Government’s commitment to create the needed enablement for pupils and teachers, so as to enhance the cognitive skills of the pupils. Adeniran said plans are underway to rehabilitate dilapidated school buildings, while the Board would ensure more infrastructure are put in place at schools across the State, adding that Governor Seyi Makinde is passionate about changing the face of schools in the State.