Comrade Isaac Egbugara, President, Construction and Civil Engineering Senior Staff Association (CCESSA), on account of the challenges facing the construction industry, particularly as a result series of restrictions in activities exacerbated by COVID-19 pandemic spoke to SYLVESTER ENOGHASE on how the sector can be revived. Excerpts: A new report released on Nigeria’s construction market by Research and Markets, a United State-based market research company, reveals that weak public investment, alongside limited foreign direct investment (FDI) amid the global economic downturn caused by the COVID-19 pandemic will lead to 12.8 per cent contraction of the country’s construction industry in 2020. What is your take, particularly from the perspective of what you think should be the way forward? I saw the report as it was released on Wednesday, December 9, 2020. Going through it, it says growth in the Nigerian construction industry will be dependent in part on credible implementation of government’s fiscal and development policies. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The report, “Construction in Nigeria – Key Trends and Opportunities to 2024,” includes historical analysis from 2015 to 2019 and forecast (2020 – 2024) valuations of the construction industry in the country. It also features details of key growth drivers. Some of the bases it used to arrive at its conclusion are in sync with my view. Ondo Workers Poised To Protest Alleged Planned Service Extension Of Accountant General Pay New Minimum Wage Or Face New Year  Protest – Labour Tells Fayemi It said Nigeria’s infrastructure is inadequate for business needs, notably in terms of logistical bottlenecks and power deficiencies, while housing stock remains far short of demand for the fast-growing population. According to the company, weak growth in the Nigerian construction sector will make it difficult to address the infrastructure deficiencies that are holding back the country’s development. Already, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has predicted a negative Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of 3.4% for the country. In our opinion, the impact on different sectors will vary depending on the dynamics prevailing in various sectors, the duration of the lockdown, the effectiveness of containment efforts and stimulus measures put in place by policymakers. What do you think is the way forward for the construction sector to be once again vibrant? Before I respond to your question, let me point out that the construction sector is one sector that has being badly hit owing to reduced Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) spending by the government given weaker earnings particularly from oil revenue. It is no more news that the Federal Government has reduced the amount budgeted for capital expenditure by 20% in the budget. Also, recall that most construction projects across the nation were suspended in the interim owing to COVID -19 restrictions. Our expectation is that full resumption of construction activities is likely to commence so soon, particularly as the second wave of the pandemic is already here with us. Let me also recall that in 2016 when the economy went into a recession, the construction sector declined by 5.9% compared to the growth of 4.4% recorded in 2015. Subdued activities in the construction industry had a spillover effect on the cement sector, where growth slowed drastically from 22.1% in 2015 to a negative growth of 5.4% in 2016. When you look at the challenges which the sector is facing from the foregoing background, and particular when demand is made in this context based on the background, there is no way the leadership of CCESSA would not be seen as ‘Oliver Twist.’ However, we are challenges that cannot be avoided as we are very obvious. First and foremost, there is the need for the government to pay closer attention to activities in the industry, considering the fact that the unemployment rate in the country is very high. Let me explain that unionism in the construction industry is of two categories, and they are Construction and Civil Engineering Senior Staff Association (CCESSA) and the National Union of Civil Engineering Construction, Furniture and Woodworkers (NUCECFWW), representing the interest of the senior and junior workers, respectively. Why do you think the construction sector is very important to Nigeria’s economy that you want the government to accord it due attention? Let me respond to your question by saying that there is no sector that is not important to the economy. However, by virtue of my position as the President of CCESSA, it is incumbent on me to always strive to make advocacies that will better the lots of construction workers. As I speak with you, I believe that any reform in the industry that fails to take cognisance of the roles of the two unions, that is, CCESSA and UNCECFWW, and carry them along will surely not be able to achieve the desired or expected results. My position has always been that the sector should be reckoned with as it ranks second in number of active employment after civil service (government employees). I will continue to hammer on the need for government to harness the employment potential in the industry. As this is a new year, what are you looking up to, in terms of benefits of the union, to all existing members and intending members? As a registered union for the senior staff in the Construction Industries in Nigeria, we are ready to bring the benefits that are inherent in our services to bear for the growth of our members, or rather affiliates. What are the services been promised in this context? The services cut across the review of salaries and emoluments in the Construction Industry (National Joint Industrial Council) which serves as minimum in the Industry, whenever the need arises as well as handling the issues of welfare of Senior Staff. We are also poise to manage all employment related issues including negotiation, redundancy, and in the same vein interface between management and workers. To publish or join in publishing journals and Newspapers/ Magazines that is directed towards the furtherance of the Association and of Trade Unionism as well as labour generally. To promote, encourage, support and foster other objectives as are lawful and are consistent with the spirit and practice of Trade Unionism among other activities that we are known for as a union. As the President of the Construction and Civil Engineering Senior Staff Association (CCESSA), what areas of challenges in the construction sector would you like to draw the attention of the government to? Cataloguing the challenges facing the construction sector of the economy in this media parley may no doubt portray the leadership of CCESSA as ‘Oliver Twist.’ However, they are challenges that cannot be avoided as they are very obvious. First and foremost, there is the need for the government to pay closer attention to activities in the industry, considering the fact that the unemployment rate in the country is very high. Let me explain that unionism in the construction industry is of two categories, and they are Construction and Civil Engineering Senior Staff Association (CCESSA) and the National Union of Civil Engineering Construction, Furniture and Woodworkers (NUCECFWW), representing the interest of the senior and junior workers, respectively. Can you be specific on the challenges the construction industry is facing at the moment? Some of the challenges that we are facing in the construction industry cut across non-payment of debt, abuse of employment of foreigners, organisational structure, and casualisation, contract staffing and outsourcing and proliferation of unions in the industry. Another problem is that of the three tiers of government as they are in the habit of delaying payments on projects constructed for them by some of our affiliate construction companies. In fact, they need to be called to order. This debt issue has always been the basis of agitation by the unions that is both at the senior workers and junior workers levels; does it mean there has not been any improvement recorded in your efforts? Although, there is obvious improvement in recent years, non-payment of debt owed to the construction companies by the Federal, State and Local Governments, has been one of the major challenges in the Industry. We have been confronting the challenge, but our efforts have been yielding little effect, especially when the very high interest rates charged by the banks are put into consideration. With high interest rates, the much companies that are affiliated to us paid are always swallowed in servicing loans repayment to the banks. Against the foregoing background, let me warn that until conscious efforts are made to encourage the repositioning of the construction industry to play its role of stimulating the economy that unemployment in the construction industry may continue in the country. What is your take on the challenges of the abuse of expatriate’s quota? As we speak, it can never be said to be an exaggeration to say that Nigeria parades a large stock of well-trained engineers, architects, surveyors, geologists, project managers and other professionals. Despite the availability of local content in terms of human capita, multinational companies that operate in this country have continued to import their nationals as expatriates. Not only are they importing, they have been abusing the expatriate’s quota accorded in the spirit of diplomacy. In fact, the majority of the construction companies have no organisational structure, and they have abnormally continued to deny Nigerians clear career path and opportunity to grow for them to become project managers and directors of such companies. In the absence of organisational structure, what do you suggest the government should do? We will like the government to make it mandatory for companies to present organisational structure as pre-requisite for award of contracts and closely monitor them. This has become necessary because the gap between the expatriates and their senior Nigerian counterparts is too wide. This can be seen from their salaries and other incentives, and it will shock you to know that the most highly paid senior staff still earns far lower than the least paid expatriate. Closely related to this is that the harrowing experience Nigerians go through in the hands of their employers in the name of casualisation is better imagined than experienced.