Lagos- Operatives of the Lagos State Environmental and Special Offences (Enforcement) Unit (Taskforce) on Sunday disclosed that it had impounded 100 notorious illegal commercial motorcycles. The Agency in a statement signed by its Head, Public Affairs Unit , Adebayo Taofiq said the action is in continuation of government efforts in ensuring sanity on Lagos roads and to get rid of defiant motorcyclists on restricted routes across the State. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Chairman of the Agency, CSP Shola Jejeloye who led the enforcement exercise disclosed that these 100 notorious illegal commercial motorcycles were impounded around Navy Town at Alakija, 2nd Rainbow and Festac Town. He maintained that the enforcement operation was carried out to halt the abuse of traffic laws by motorcycle operators. [GRAPHIC] I Killed My Friend For Duping Me – Suspected Cultist Confesses Tricycle Operator Docked For Alleged Manslaughter, Reckless Driving According to him, “The discouraging high statistic of motorcycle accidents and the compelling need to enhance safety on Lagos roads led to the promulgation of the Lagos State Transport Sector Reformed Law 2018”. CSP Jejeloye said, apart from criminals using these motorcycles as a means to escape after criminal activities, the influx into the State of these illegal motorcyclists without any traceable address and valid means of identification remains a huge Security and Safety threat to residents. “In accordance with the Law, every motorcycle operators must wear crash helmets, be above 18 years, not ride on kerb/median/road-setbacks, avoid restricted routes, not carry more than one passenger/pregnant woman/adult with baby/child below 12 years, not install any musical gadgets, must wear apron, not operate beyond 10pm, operate with a rider’s permit and have their motorcycle registered with Government” he added. He however warned the general public, especially motorists to ensure that their valuable items are safely kept while in traffic.The Chairman further solicited for the cooperation of all residents in providing useful security information about criminal activities around them to security agencies through the Lagos State free Emergency Toll Lines 112 or 767.