Alhaji Adebisi Olopoeyan, a grassroots politician and chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Oyo state, in this interview with KAZEEM AWOJOODU explained why Ayodele Fayose and Governor Seyi Makinde are not on same page on the South-West leadership of the party. He also spoke on other sundry issues affecting the party in the state. Excerpts: As one of the major stakeholders in PDP both at State and zonal level, can you please shed more light on the leadership tussle between the former Governor of Ekiti State Ayodele Fayose and the Oyo State Governor Seyi Makinde? The matter is very clear because nobody has come out so far to either show interest or contest the Zonal Chairmanship position of the party with Chief Eddy Olafeso. As at now, Olafeso remains the only candidate that is currently available for the position. Governor Makinde has not even helped the matter by giving the leaders of the party a clue or direction on who is the candidate he want to support for the position. We have all agreed to the choice of Olafeso to be our party Chairman at the South West zonal level and Governor Makinde was aware of this. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Governor Makinde also agreed to the party resolutions on the choice of Olafeso. So, if he is now opposing the whole process, that means he has breached the agreement of our party leaders in the South West. The former governors, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola and Fayose are meant to restore peace into the party based on the issue on ground, Oyinlola is not interested in becoming the zonal chairmanship of the party as he was once a National Secretary of the Party, so he cannot be fighting dirty over the zonal chairmanship of the party now and Governor Seyi Makinde cannot become the chairman as he is a sitting governor, but if he has a candidate, he should inform the party about it while Fayose on the other hand wants peace to reign among party members. Kwara APC Elders Forum Scores Governor High On Development Delta Approves N20 million For Family Planning Programme There is no problem in the South West about leadership as nobody is contesting leadership with Gov. Seyi Makinde in South West. Fayose is not contesting leadership with him. It is a roundtable decision that Olafeso should continue with the position because he did well and Fayose still maintained that position but later on, Governor Makinde objected to it. But the issue here now is whether he objects to it or not, who exactly is contesting against Olafeso because no one has been mentioned as we speak. Fayose is for peace and he is not contesting and I support Eddy Olafeso because he is the only candidate we have, he is the only one known to be contesting. I am also curious to know who will be brought to contest against him. If Governor Makinde has an interest in the position, he should simply bring out whoever he wants and not do an underground job, they should come out for everyone to see who they are bringing to the table as there is nothing bad in the governor having a candidate, but that person should come out for us to see. What Fayose is fighting for is clear, he is fighting for due process, he wants Olafeso to be our Chairman and that I think is the right thing to do for anyone that really has the interest of the party at heart. What is the current situation of things as regards internal crisis battling with Oyo PDP and the position of some aggrieved members of the party? We don’t have aggrieved members or aggrieved factions in Oyo State PDP. We can’t even called what is currently happening at the party at the State level a crisis, there is no aggrieved members as far as I’m concerned. All I know is that over 95 percent of our party members are not happy with the way things are going, because they feel that they are not being carried along. All what the party members needs is recognition from the State Governor, Engr. Seyi Makinde who is also a member of the party, but it’s not forthcoming and this has made party members unhappy as they are not being carried along. As party leaders my main focus is the unity of the party, I’m working with other party chieftains in the State to ensure that the party and its structure does not fall apart. We need to make the party stand well and not fall because that is the platform which projects all our candidates to be voted for. Without a good platform, nobody can ever win an election. I am a dedicated member of the PDP and I have never decamped to another party and nothing must happen to it. If the party was destroyed, Gov. Makinde would not have emerged as the governor. So what I am agitating for is that the party must not be destroyed. It is well known that when an individual emerge as a governor from a political party, party members also benefit from that administration. But when the party members don’t benefit from it, they will definitely ask questions. We also have educated party members who can become Commissioners and the likes amongst us. He also has to give party members recognition, as party members, we are the first set of people who started this journey with him. It was until the party projected him to everyone before he was accepted by the masses. It is not about giving the party members money on daily basis, it’s all about recognition, and being carried along. Some party members need more familiarity with the Governor, whenever there is chance for you as their Governor, you come around and mingle with them, feel their pulse by constantly paying them visit, let them also feel that they are part of the government. Some don’t even need your money, but they just want to belong to the government they have laboured for, and that is all. Governor Makinde should know that it is the party structure that gave him the template that makes him a governor of the State today, he should not neglect the party members in the scheme of things, it’s the party members that projected him for the masses before he was accepted, and for the party members to really appreciate him, he must carry them along in his government. We have only two strong political party in the state, the opposition party All Progressive Congress APC and our own ruling party the PDP, the moment member of the ruling Party are not enjoying the benefits of being a member of the ruling party, then there will surely be problem. How best do you think this can be addressed? The Governor and the lawmakers and other political office holders both at State and national level, should make themselves more accessible to the people who worked for them to be in their various offices, it’s not easy for members who work day and night, come rain, come shine for you to be in office and after you’re there you no longer pick their calls as their Honorable or whatever, you don’t go to them to ask about their well-being, that should not be. If you think those people are not really relevant after you have assumed office, then you should try and test your popularity in any other Political Parties that are not as strong as the two Political Parties we have on ground at elections time and see if you will emerged winner of such elections. If you think your party members that voted for you are not worthy of carry along, then when there is elections time go to parties that don’t have a name to contest and see how easier your so called popularity will win elections for you. What I’m trying to say in essence is that, it is the structure of the PDP party and the collective efforts of the party members that projected them for the masses which has resulted in their victory at poll. What Is your advice For Governor Makinde on the Issue on ground so things will not get out of hand before 2023 general election? I don’t think I have any other advise than what has been given in the past. More so, the recommendations and resolutions of the reconciliatory committee that he set up sometimes ago is there for him to work on, all the advise given to him through that committee are okay for him. I want the governor to work on the recommendations and resolutions of the reconciliatory committee that he set up which was led by our leader, Chief Saka Balogun. If he looks critically at those recommendations of the committee, he will be able to tackle all the issues.