LAGOS – On December 25, 2020, Bishop Matthew Hassan Kukah, Bishop of Sokoto Catholic Diocese, bared his mind on the state of the nation and while highlighting some of the country’s challenges, the Bishop accused President Muhammadu Buhari of nepotism. He accused the president of institutionalising northern hegemony, saying there could have been a coup if a non-northern Muslim president practised a fraction of what Buhari did. The cleric in the message titled, “A Nation in search of vindication”, noted that against the backdrop of the country’s endless woes, it has become a nation wrapped in desolation. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “The prospects of a failed state stare us in the face: endless bloodletting, a collapsing economy, social anomie, domestic and community violence, kidnappings, armed robberies etc. “Ours has become a house of horror with fear stalking our homes, highways, cities, hamlets and entire communities. The middle grounds of optimism have continued to shift and many genuinely ask, what have we done to the gods? Does Nigeria have a future? Where can we find hope? Like the Psalmist, we ask; from where shall come our help? (Ps.121:1).” Sowore’s Arrest Unhelpful To Nigeria’s Image- Shehu Sani Take Care Of Youths Or They Will End Your Govt, Mbaka Warns Buhari, NASS Kukah, while pointing out that these are trying but life changing moments in the history of our nation, explained that politics and economics alone will not resolve our problems, just as he stated that there is enough hate and bitterness to go around. According to him, “The roads to the graveyards are busier than those to the farms. Amidst the wails and laments, I hear the congregants saying; the world is coming to an end, it has never been so bad. Yes, people are dying, but they are not dying more now than they did in recent years. It is the social media and its connectivity that has given us a sense of greater urgency and added to our seeming despair with the way things are. The social media is value neutral. It depends on what we make of it. Its instantaneous impact is oftentimes dizzyingly traumatic, but the other benefits more than compensate. In a way, the choices we make will help us decide whether this year is our annus mirabilis or annus horribilis. “Not unexpectedly, this Christmas is again coming against a backdrop of so much pain, sorrow and uncertainty in our land. We all seem to have become sedated and inured to pain. Tragedy has been standing as our gatekeeper. For over ten years now, at almost each Christmas, a dark pall of horror, sorrow and death has consistently hung in our horizon threatening to eclipse the promises of the joy of Christmas. “As our country drifts almost rudderless, we seem like people travelling without maps, without destination and with neither Captain nor Crew. Citizens have nowhere to turn to. “After he assumed power, a delegation of the Catholic Bishops’ Conference had an audience with President Buhari. In the course of our discussion, the President shared with us his frustration over the state of decay and rot that he had met. In frustration, I vividly recalled him saying that, from the decay and neglect, it seemed as if preceding governments had been doing nothing but just eating and going to the toilet. “Looking back, one might conclude that those were happy times, because at least there was food to eat and people could go to the toilet. Now, a journey to the toilet is considered by the poor as an extra luxury. Our country’s inability to feed itself is one of the most dangerous signs of state failure and a trigger to violence…” Condemning the continuous assault by Boko Haram, armed bandits and kidnappers of Nigerians, the cleric said “the challenge now is how to deal with the scars inflicted by a derelict nation, which is still unable or unwilling to protect its citizens. “Yes, we commend the federal and state governments for the rescue operation. The larger issues now are whether the federal government understands the evil web of intrigues into which Boko Haram has tied it. Will the Federal Government continue to reward and fund Boko Haram by playing its game? For how long can this cycle of deceit last, given that every kidnap merely strengthens their arsenal? “The men of darkness have shown far greater capacity to shock and awe a forlorn nation by constantly blindsiding us all. When will it all end? This government owes the nation an explanation as to where it is headed, as we seem to journey into darkness. The spilling of this blood must be related to a more sinister plot that is beyond our comprehension. “Are we going to remain hogtied by these evil men or are they gradually becoming part of a larger plot to seal the fate of our country? President Buhari deliberately sacrificed the dreams of those who voted for him to what seemed like a programme to stratify and institutionalise northern hegemony, by reducing others in public life to second-class status. He has pursued this self-defeating and alienating policy at the expense of greater national cohesion. Every honest Nigerian knows that there is no way any non-Northern Muslim President could have done a fraction of what President Buhari has done by his nepotism and got away with it. There would have been a military coup a long time ago or we would have been at war…. “This government owes the nation an explanation as to where it is headed as we seem to journey into darkness. The spilling of this blood must be related to a more sinister plot that is beyond our comprehension. Are we going to remain hogtied by these evil men or are they gradually becoming part of a larger plot to seal the fate of our country?” “The President may have concluded that Christians will do nothing and will live with these actions. He may be right and we Christians cannot feel sorry that we have no pool of violence to draw from or threaten our country. However, God does not sleep. We can see from the inexplicable dilemma of his North. “It is curious that President Buhari’s partisanship and commitment to reinforcing the foundations of northern hegemony have had the opposite consequences. For a long time, beyond the pall of politics, very prominent northerners with a conscience have raised the red flag, pointing out the consequences of President Buhari’s nepotism on national cohesion and trust. “With time, as hunger, poverty, insecurity engulfed the north, the President’s own supporters began to despair and lament about the state of their collective degradation. Was this not supposed to be their song? The north that the President sought to privilege has become a cauldron of pain and a valley of dry bones. “Today, the north itself is crying the most and why not? No one has suffered as much as they have and continue to. The helplessness is palpable and the logic is incomprehensible.” Even though Kukah is not the first Nigerian to accuse Buhari’s administration of nepotism, his message generated some negative reactions, especially from the presidency, which accused the clergyman of plotting the president’s removal. Information and Culture Minister, Alhaji Lai Mohammed said Kukah’s statement did not only smack of instigating regime change outside the ballot box but also an open call to anarchy. Although the minister mentioned no name in his statement, it was clear he was responding to the issues raised by Kukah in his Christmas message. Mohammed, in his statement, asked religious leaders in the country to “refrain from stoking the embers of hatred and disunity.” He warned that “resorting to scorched-earth rhetoric at this time could trigger unintended consequences.” He said while religious leaders have a responsibility to speak truth to power, such truth must not come “wrapped in anger, hatred, disunity and religious disharmony.” He added: “It is particularly graceless and impious for any religious leader to use the period of Christmas, which is a season of peace, to stoke the embers of hatred, sectarian strife and national disunity. “Calling for a violent overthrow of a democratically-elected government, no matter how disguised such a call is, and casting a particular religion as violent is not what any religious leader should engage in, and certainly not in a season of peace. “Instigating regime change outside the ballot box is not only unconstitutional but also an open call to anarchy. “While some religious leaders, being human, may not be able to disguise their national leadership preference, they should refrain from stigmatising the leader they have never supported anyway, using well-worn and disproved allegations of nepotism or whatever.” The minister said whatever challenges Nigeria may be going through at this moment can only be tackled when all leaders and indeed all Nigerians come together; not when some people “arrogantly” engage in name-calling and finger-pointing. But the opposition People’s Democratic Party (PDP) believes that Kukah did not say anything new, and asked the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) to take the criticism as a wake-up call. In the view of the PDP, Kukah said nothing new and should not be crucified for saying the obvious. Spokesman for the PDP, Kola Ologbondiyan, in a statement on behalf of the party, said President Buhari and the APC should face reality, do some self-examination and mend their ways. “Bishop Kukah simply said the truth as it is. If Alhaji Lai Mohammed is unaware, he should visit the streets of Ikeja, Lagos; Ibrahim Taiwo Road, Ilorin; Bauchi Road, Jos and ask the opinions of ordinary Nigerians. “The APC and the Buhari Presidency have stigmatised themselves before Nigerians, having failed wholesomely on all electoral promises made since 2015. “Buhari and his APC should quit living in denial because Nigerians have had enough of that.” While some individuals and groups decided to ask for Kukah’s head, others saw nothing wrong in the message, as they maintained that he had only stated the obvious. The Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC) in its reaction, said the Christmas message by Kukah was a call for a coup and forceful removal of the President from office. The group’s Director, Prof. Ishaq Akintola, in a statement, said the bishop was ululating from the wrong side of the pulpit. The group described Kukah’s allegation of nepotism as unfounded and baseless, saying an analysis of the distribution of appointments across geopolitical zones showed otherwise. Akintola described allegations of northern hegemony, caliphate domination, Islamisation, and fulanisation as mere slogans adopted by “political shenanigans, ethnic charlatans and religious demagogues to deceive gullible Nigerians. Kukah’s statement, he alleged, was reckless, inflammatory, and unguarded. “It is the most egregious, luciferous, serpentine, and diabolical statement of the year 2020,” he claimed. He also accused Kukah of habitually demonising and de-marketing any Muslim President and behaving in a manner inconsistent with his office as the secretary of Nigeria’s Peace Committee. “Kukah calls for a coup because blackmail is not working with Buhari. But is Kukah aware that it will be a Christian-inspired forceful change of government? What was the result of the first of such in the country? Even Nzeogwu will turn in his grave at the very thought of a church-motivated coup.” He argued against Kukah’s allegation of nepotism against Buhari by referring to an unnamed “leading online newspaper,” which showed that Buhari’s North West got 37 appointments, North East received 29, North Central secured 21, South West 63, South East 25 while South-South got 24. The South West benefited most. “Is that nepotism? We challenge Kukah and his merchants of falsehood to provide their own data. “Kukah’s reference to a coup is satanic innuendo. We are aware civilians have always been involved in coups in the past. Kukah’s interest is therefore not something new. Why is Kukah just inciting it? He should be man enough to spearhead it. Go ahead, Kukah, plan a coup. Who knows? You can be vice president. Dare to struggle. Dare to win,” Akintola added. However, in a swift reaction, leaders of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) in 19 northern states and Abuja, condemned the Presidency, some religious bodies, and individuals for allegedly twisting the message of Bishop Kukah, just as they blamed the federal government for failing to put an end to security challenges, nepotism, maladministration, and growing poverty. The CAN leaders in a statement by the Vice Chairman of the association in 19 northern states and Abuja, Rev. Joseph Hayab, pointed out that “given the current happenings in Nigeria with kidnapping, banditry, horrible atrocities committed against hapless citizens by members of Boko Haram, Nigerians should be united in condemning and finding solutions to the awful condition that we are in as Bishop Kukah has rightly done. He described those castigating Kukah as “sectional zealots who only see the trouble in Nigeria from primordial views.” Hayab said it was high time the Presidency, MURIC, and misinformed individuals eschewed intolerance and admitted that Nigeria under Buhari had strayed from the path and vision that the independence of the country was fought for. “Let the government do the right thing by creating a sense of inclusion for all and sundry, defending the citizens from harm, bringing an end to growing insecurity in towns, cities, and villages, so that we could attain greatness together,” he said. He said members of CAN in the north read with great shock alleged attempts to further divide the nation by the Presidency, the leadership of MURIC, and other individuals and groups aimed at twisting the crux of the sermon by Kukah, stressing that “of grave misgiving is the baseless claim in a statement signed by the President of MURIC, Prof Ishaq Akintola, that Bishop Kukah had referred to Islam as a violent religion and calls for a coup.” He described the statement by Akintola as not only laughable but misleading and a tissue of lies. He claimed that records would show that MURIC’s leadership “is often careless with assertions and many times acting as if it was a political platform instead of a religious one.” The association called on international and local communities to counsel Akintola of MURIC “to learn to walk the path of honour and not be a merchant of crisis.” Hayab argued that he had read through Kukah’s message and was unable to find any expression suggesting an affront to Islam or a call for a coup. Also towing the line of CAN, prominent northern Islamic cleric, Sheikh Ahmad Abubakar Gumi, declared that he would support any call for the resignation of President Buhari amidst the unending security challenges, lopsidedness in federal appointments, and massive poverty in Nigeria. He said challenges facing the nation today were caused by lopsidedness in appointments by the federal government and the inability to address insecurity. Gumi, in a Facebook post, wrote, “These ugly incidents were only made possible by the lopsidedness of appointments in these sensitive security positions. North vs South, Muslims vs Christians struggles cannot be addressed by unequal representations of such a big divide in sensitive positions. “Therefore, today, when Rev. Kukah decries the same lopsidedness that favours Muslims, he is saying what exactly we have decried long ago, and he’s justified to say so.” He, however, warned against any insinuation of a military takeover of a democratically elected government. He said a call for the resignation of the President would suffice. “He called on Nigerians to unite and allow the natural forces of democratic power to come to play. Every Nigerian should have equal opportunity to participate in the power struggle, no preference should be given to religious, ethnic, and socio-economic difference, as such practice has been producing leaders of mediocre ability.” In a bid to clarify things, Kukah on Monday, declared that he did not call for a coup and that he had no problem with President Buhari, but with his leadership style. The cleric, who pointed out that his Christmas message was misconstrued, said, “Whatever I said can please or displease anyone, but that is my own opinion and doesn’t stop others from saying their own opinion. If you think my motive is wrong, say yours.” According to the bishop, a section of the media painted a wrong picture of his position. “It is unfair for a journalist or news medium to report that I called for a coup while expressing my personal views about Nigeria. “I have no iota of grudge with President Muhammadu Buhari, but what I strictly and categorically said was that using religion as a tool for playing politics is unacceptable and would not be accepted,” Kukah said. He added that his comments were not intended to cause any disaffection. “My message was an opinion and for the love of the country,” he said, emphasising that he reserved the right to express his views on national issues. “I am a Northerner, born and brought up in Barnawa village, a suburb of Kaduna and I hold no grudges against any northerner, be it Muslim or Christian,” Kukah said. He lamented the loss of lives due to rising insecurity, saying: “I am pained and sad that my critics fail to see that. “The loss of lives in the last 10 years and even before the advent of the current government calls for concern.” The cleric said he hoped for a country where justice, peace and fairness will prevail. On criticisms of his comments, he said: “The reactions are a reflection of every citizen that makes up the country. “I am someone who doesn’t take offence in what others say about me. “What I said was my opinion based on evidence and the happenings in the country and if you look into the records, there is evidence that justifies that statement, and if anyone thinks I am wrong, they should come out with a superior position.” The Bishop said he had no partisan interest in politics. “There is no Catholic Priest available for party politics in Nigeria,” he said. He told those asking him to drop his cassock to join the political fray that he would have only done so had he lived during the time of the late Aminu Kano. “I have no plan and will never play partisan politics for any reason. Those who link my message to partisan politics are only playing to the gallery. “Take, for instance, brilliant Nigerian youths making comments about Chelsea or Arsenal and have never been to England. Does that make them players of such club sides? “So, why will someone think because Bishop Kukah is speaking, therefore, he is a politician? “People who make this argument are ignorant of elementary politics and ignorant of the role of a Priest. “The truth is that a lot of us have not seen a priest saying what I am saying. The truth of the matter is, we are all in politics, but party politics for me, no. “I am not a member of any political party and I cannot be. If it comes to voting, I exercise my right,” the Bishop said. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION