Barely a few days into the New Year, the Nigerian center for disease control, (NCDC) has reported that on Thursday, the 7th day of January, 2021, a whopping 1,664 people tested positive to Covid-19. The spike in the number of Nigerians testing positive for coronavirus is clearly an ugly fall out of the end of year 2020 and New Year 2021 festivities during which most Nigerians defied Covid-19 protocols to engage either in revelry or observe the annual solemn practice of praying into the New Year. Before the current high numbers of Nigerians testing positive on Thursday 7th January, the highest had been recorded on Monday 4th of January put at 1,354. So by and large , Nigeria seems to be getting into dire straits once again as citizens seem to be throwing caution to the winds thereby aiding the rapid spread of the vicious disease like wild fire does during Harmattan. With cross over service by many Christians and wanna-be Christians in churches across the country from 31 December 2020 into January 2021 banned in most states to stave off the potential spread of coronavirus which thrives best in environments that are crowded and closed, health authorities must have felt confident that COVID-19 might have been checkmated. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! But disappointingly, the reverse has been the case. That’s simply because most Nigerians thronged the beaches, night clubs and other fun places to celebrate the new year without caring a jot whether coronavirus was lurking in the air or not. Another proximate cause for the spike in the spread would be the ensuing cold weather – Harmattan which although is unlike winter season that is boosting the spread in the cold regions of the world, like Europe and particularly in the USA where in excess of 4,000 deaths were recorded in one day, has similarly been a period that coronavirus spread has accelerated in Nigeria. Arising from their intransigence, the Covid-19 protocol breakers ended up being vectors for the disease. In my personal assessment (although without scientific proof) it could be a combination of the cold weather condition and the reckless behaviors of those who failed to respect COVID-19 rules by engaging in the aforementioned misbehaviors that may be responsible for the current ticking up of the numbers of those testing positive in Nigeria now in excess of 100,000. Coup In The Capitol Hill And The Divided States Of America (2) Finally Trump Concedes According to NCDC, the recent spike has pushed up the ratio of Nigerians testing positive from less than 5% in 2020 to the current 20% of those tested this year that’s now a little over one million. In light of the more aggressive nature of the second wave which is either due to the cold weather condition which appears to foster the virus or the mutation of the virus to a more potent variant, resulting in the uptick in hospitalisation and deaths, Presidential Task Force, PTF chairman, Boss Mustafa and the Task Force Co-ordinator, Dr Sani Aliyu may understandably be tempted to propose another lockdown. But rather than take that option, in addition to ramping up public enlightenment in various local languages and giving more publicity to ordinary people that have died from coronavirus, to debunk the wrong notion that it is only ‘big men’ that are dying from COVID, they should step up enforcement of the non-pharmaceutical preventive measures in public places to stem the current rapid spread. This can be achieved by igniting the concept of citizen policing which is constitutional. It means that as people currently reprimand fellow phone users who do not turn off their phones during airplane flights, they have the right to challenge those who flout the Covid-19 rules in public places by advising the defiant ones amongst us that, even if they want to be reckless with their lives, they are under obligation to protect the lives of those around them by adhering to COVID-19 prevention protocols. Otherwise they would be deemed as public nuisance and treated as such. Now, to catalogue the torturous journey that Nigerians have had with coronavirus in the past one year, l would like to crave reader’s indulgence to allow me review six (6) of the coronavirus focused articles that l have written and published in the mass media between March till end of 2020 to inform and guide Nigerians as well as relevant health authorities based on trending global best practice. In the essays, l had highlighted coronavirus deadly and gravely consequences on humanity; the century old remedy/protocol (social distancing, wearing masks over our faces and noses as well as hand washing with soap) that has remained the most efficacious defense against the deadly disease ; the choice of liberty over life in some of the advanced societies and the dire consequences of the attitude that’s not so pragmatic, as well as the enforcement of life over livelihood policy in Africa, including most of the third world, with mixed outcomes of less deaths but with severe economic consequences. The reality which every Nigerian must be conscious of, and which those engaging in revelry is that although 2020 is done and dusted, it did not exit with coronavirus which has dealt the world the death knell and which has left a pall of death on humanity and atmosphere of mourning hanging over the surviving members of human kind on planet earth. Clearly, Coronavirus crossed over from 2020 to 2021 like an evil spell and scepter being dangled by Lucifer himself, as if in defiance of God’s promise of a shadow of protection over His children. Consequently, there is hardly anybody alive who is not suffering from coronavirus induced loss of life or livelihood on planet earth. My mission in the six opinion pieces which l had written and published widely in the past nine, 9 months, was and still remains to sensitize relevant authorities about the trajectory of the virus with a view to nudging them to be proactively prepared with countermeasures that would lead to the mitigation of the loss of lives and damage to the economy. So my role has more or less been that of a patriot offering advisory services, even though it is unsolicited, and it is being rendered Free of Charge (FoC). The six (6) articles are: (1) Covid-19 And The Dark Side The Medical World (2) Emefiele’s Post COVID-19 Marshall Plan For Nigeria: Trick Or Treat? (3)COVID-19: 8 Ways To Avoid Lockdown Leading To Breakdown In Nigeria (4) COVID -19: Do Nigerians Need Celebrity Enlightenment On CNN? (5) Strategy For Combating COVID-19: How Nigeria Can Change From Go-Slow To Go-Smart. (6) A Clarion Call To Declare World War World War lll Against COVID-19 Pandemic. Although, thankfully the deadly virus hasn’t taken as much lives as had been feared, for reasons scientists are yet to phantom ( less than 1,400 compared to over 375, 000 in the USA and nearly 2,000,000 worldwide) the authorities charged with managing the pandemic have not been as effective and efficient as they could’ve been. That’s especially with respect to testing of Nigerians for COVID-19, (just one million), adequate and effective care for those in isolation centers and the distribution of the palliatives as relief to those who suffer loss of livelihood, which has been chaotic resulting in disastrous outcomes as evidenced by #Endsars riots . Without further ado, allow me commence the review with the piece titled “COVID-19 and the Dark Side of the Medical World” written and published widely on March 30, 2020. This intervention dwelt on the initial reliance on hydroxychloroquine as antidote to coronavirus, and the controversy that it stirred up in the medical world on whether it was efficacious enough. It also focuses on the suspected sinister role of powerful forces (deep state actors) with interests in big pharmaceutical firms that are front runners in the race to produce new vaccines. It is suspected that these powerful players are suppressing the use of the hydroxychloroquine therapy which is about a century old medical remedy. In the piece, l recalled the hellish experience faced by a Nigerian born American medical doctor, Ben Omalu, who discovered CONCUSSION (CTE), a health condition suffered by American football players due to continuous butting of their heads in the course of playing the game. But despite the fact that the discovery was a lifesaving game changer to players facing the risk, stake holders in the NFL-a multi-billion dollar industry, rubbished the discovery and even threatened the life of doctor Omalu because the discovery would negatively impact their business. Below is a highlight of the essay. “So it is disheartening and disappointing that some unseen hands in the organised medical/ pharmaceutical products development and marketing sector of the world, embedded in the inner recesses of the establishment in New York and Washington may be pursuing selfish and exploitative agenda, hence this otherwise cherry development is not being ventilated or given the attention that it deserves. Is it not quixotic that the tested and proven combination of anti-malaria remedy of hydroxychloroquine and the antibiotic, azithromycin which have produced positive effects of successfully curing coronavirus patients is not even being considered a frontline antidote for the killer virus by the US Centre For Disease Control, CDC and Food and Drugs Administration, FDA? It is my suspicion that the tzars of the industry regulatory agencies that are claiming that hydroxychloroquine and azithromycin need more extensive clinical trials-a bureaucratic process that takes a very long period and therefore an unwise measure to take at this critical point in time are being manipulated by the unseen hands of vested interests. How else can one explain a situation whereby an effective, perhaps not the most efficient medication needed to stem the tide of death that now pervades the world is being taken off the equation as a potential cure, if not to create some delay that would allow the medications currently in the pipelines-Remdesivir first developed as trial antidote for Ebola and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, MERS now being targeted at coronavirus, come into gestation?” With hydroxychloroquine ditched despite outgoing President Donald Trump’s vigorous effort to promote it, and remdesivir being adopted as medication at the onset of Covid-19, the stage was set for the investors in the invention of the remdesivir drug that failed to be efficacious for Ebola and MER to recoup some of their investments while the race towards developing new vaccines for COVID-19 remained on course. Following the shelter-at-home policy of government and the potential stressful effect on the masses, the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN acting on behalf of government introduced some measures to cushion the anticipated pains of the stay at home policy. In a piece titled “Emefiele’s Post COVID-19 Marshal Plan For Nigeria: Trick Or Treat”, which l wrote and published massively on the 17th of April, l made the following case. “After successfully intervening with massive funds infusion into the agricultural sector, as reflected by the drastic reduction in rice import and its current intervention in cotton production as well as in other food value chain which are also looking good, the CBN might have convinced itself that it now has a proof-of-concept that money works when used to intervene in some critical sectors of the economy wisely. Presumably, that’s what has emboldened Emefiele to offer to plough another N3.5 trillion into critical growth areas that would facilitate a more self-reliant Nigerian economy. But are all or most Nigerians aligned on this quest for food security/sufficiency, the CBN style? That’s yet to be seen. And given the anger and hunger on the streets of Nigeria, stemming from the Covid -19 pandemic compelled shelter-at-home order that has left most Nigerians stranded, since quite a lot of us usually eke out our living based on the odd jobs that we can do to earn about N2,000 to N5,000 on a daily basis to feed ourselves, Emefiele needs to go beyond the bold declaration in his deeply thought through and inspiring proposition “Turning The Covid-19 Pandemic Tragedy Into An Opportunity For A New Nigeria”. Besides the CBN, the other critical agencies of Government responsible for mobilizing Nigerians into action and galvanising their belief in the common good and survivability of our country seems to be missing in action. To be continued Onyibe, an entrepreneur, public policy analyst, author, development strategist, alumnus of Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Tufts University, Massachusetts, USA and a former commissioner in Delta state government, wrote in from Lagos.