Minna- Combined efforts by the Joint Security Task Force stationed in Erena, Shiroro Local Government of Niger state in the early hours Tuesday successfully repelled suspected terrorist groups attack on the town after gun duel which lasted for hours. The armed bandits had invaded the town at about 4 in the morning in their numbers for usual coordinated attempt to unleash havoc on the people but could not succeed. Daily Independent sources indicated that the joint security task force put up brave fight against the attackers with superior fire power thereby preventing them (armed bandits) from annihilating the community. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! An eye witness and Co- Covener of Shiroro Youths Forum, Mallam Bello Ibrahim, recounting the trauma they went through as the battle for supremacy between the terrorist group and the joint security forces also told journalists that an operational vehicle belonging to the joint security force was set ablaze by the bandits. “Yes I can confirm to you that in the early hours of today, terrorists in their large numbers stormed Erena town in an attempt to unleash havoc on defenseless, peaceful and unsuspecting locals”. Teenager Sets Lover Ablaze In Benue Businessman, 30, On Trial For Alleged extortion Ibrahim who gave an update on the security situation in the area however hinted that the invaders met stiff resistance from the Joint Security Task Force comprising; conventional security and local Vigilante stationed at the, Day Secondary School, Erena. According to him, “They engaged in fierce gun battle which lasted for several hours and that made it impossible for the criminals to gain access into Erena town”. “We started hearing sporadic gunshots and as the clock ticked the gunshots could be heard from all over the places louder and after some hours the firing gradually started fading away.” Bello Ibrahim however said it was not possible to ascertain the casualty figures from both sides as the entire area has been condoned off by security forces. “The casualties is not known yet, but an operational vehicle belonging to the gallant security men was seen burnt down by the terrorists”. “Though they lost a vehicle, but happily enough the deadly attacks was successfully repelled, kudos to our galant officers and local vigilantes for the heroic outing”. Meanwhile, all efforts to get the police confirm the attacks proved abortive as the Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO) ASP Abiodun Wasiu refused to pick his calls. Also the state Police command has not issued any press statement on the incident that has brought smiles and temporary relief to Erena town as at the time of filing this report.