ABUJA – The high command of the Armed Forces of Nigeria (AFN), on Thursday, said no fewer than 64 Boko Haram and Islamic State of West Africa Province (ISWAP) terrorists were killed during an encounter with troops in Yobe State within the week. Major General John Enenche, Coordinator of the Defence Media Operations (CDMO), who disclosed this while briefing defence correspondents in Abuja on military operations na­tionwide from January 7 to 13, also warned against acquiring fertilisers for sin­ister purposes by criminal elements in the country. General Enenche told journalists that on January 9, 2021, troops of the newly launched subsidiary Opera­tion Tura Takai Bango had contact with and engaged some marauding Boko Ha­ram criminal elements at Gujba Local Government of Yobe State. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “During the encounter, 28 terrorists were neutralised and several others escaped with gunshot wounds, while one gun truck and several arms and ammunition were recovered,” he said. He added that on the same day, troops had an encounter with some Boko Haram and ISWAP terror­ists at Gonan Kaji village, along the Damaturu-Buni Yadi Road in Yobe State. Gunmen Abduct 27 Kano Traders, Four Kaduna Nursing Mothers, 14 Others Real Madrid Send Luka Jovic To Frankfurt On Loan The CDMO said that it was a smooth operation for troops “during which 30 terrorists were killed in contact while caches of arms and ammunition were recovered by troops.” ­ In the same vein, he said on January 10, 2021, troops had contact with and en­gaged some marauding Boko Haram elements at Kafa village in Damboa Local Government Area of Yobe State. “During the encounter, six terrorists were neu­tralised and a gun truck and several weapons as well as equipment belonging to the terrorists were destroyed,” he stated. Speaking on the opera­tions in the South South, he said troops of Operation Del­ta Safe have continued with the aggressive fight against economic sabotage in the zone progressively. “Notably, on January 9, 2021, gunboats of Forward Operating Base, Ibaka, while on routine patrol around Effiat waterways, intercepted and arrested a large wooden boat laden with 1,184 of 25kg bags of Yaraliva Nitrabor Fertiliser suspected to be smuggled in from Republic of Cameroon with two suspects. “Suspects and items are currently in custody and will soon be handed over to the appropriate prosecuting authority.”