ADO-EKITI – Legal icon, Aare Afe Babalola has cautioned the federal government against giving a blanket directive on the closure of Nigerian Universities concerning the second wave of the global pandemic COVID-19. The Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) described as unconstitutional, the mass closure of Nigerian universities by the federal government due to COVID-19 pandemic. Babalola, founder of Afe Babalola University, Ado Ekiti (ABUAD) argued that it was wrong for the government to treat private institutions as public institutions The founder spoke on Wednesday in Ado Ekiti at a press conference where he espoused his views about the attempt by the federal government to defer the resumption of universities earlier slated for January 18. Recall that the Minister of Education, Mallam Adamu Adamu, had on Monday hinted that the January 18 earlier set by the federal government for school resumption would be reviewed. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “I am of the firm view that mass closure of schools is unconstitutional, disastrous and counterproductive. “It is certainly unjust to the parents, teachers, students and Proprietors of schools and also violates the rule of natural justice,” he stated. States Receive N123.348bn Performance Grant From FG FG Tasks Stakeholders On Cheaper Means Of Oil Production Babalola disclosed that the United States Centre for Disease Control and Prevention had put all these into consideration when it officially recommended that universities should be accorded preferential treatment under COVID-19 in terms of operations. “The USCDC said universities are different in terms of size, geographical location, structure and in their abilities to out in place measure that will guarantee the minimum risk to students and teachers in their schools, which in turn will ensure undisrupted and on-campus learning for students. “On the contrary, universities which do not possess these facilities are within a high-risk category. The legal luminary added: “The FG should know that schools in Ekiti are safer than that located in the heart of Lagos. We must consider the geographical location. Any worker here who goes to Lagos, Abuja and Port Harcourt goes for special test and seven days isolation. This underscored the level of our preparedness.”