Prof John Ebhomien, an All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftain and public affairs analyst, is a former consultant to the United Nations Office of Project Services. The former World Bank/ International Monetary Fund (IMF) economist and financial management expert spoke to EJIKEME OMENAZU on the state at the nation among other issues. Excerpts: ow do you see the state of the nation as year 2020 ended and Nigerians entered into 2021? Year 2020 was full of ups and downs. At the national level, we saw the killings of farmers in the North East. We also saw several abductions of students in the North West. There were deaths of prominent Nigerians, kidnappings of people including traditional rulers in parts of the country. We saw a situation where the Myetti Allah took their rascality too far. Nobody has been able to explain to us what is happening in this country. Insecurity of lives and properties has been the order of the day and government has not been able to proffer mechanisms to nip in the bud the killings. The Service Chiefs have not been able to tell us why Boko Haram has been holding on the jugular for so long. We saw the ravaging of COVID-19 all over the world, with people dying everywhere. The world’s scientists have not been able to proffer solutions to COVID-19, although some vaccines are coming up now. The Nigerian government and world bodies should do something fast. Even the new vaccines are yet to go round to ascertain if they can really prevent or cure the virus attack. In summary, 2020 was not friendly. It was filled with mixed grills and preventable deaths, assassinations, cattle rustlings, kidnapping and banditry, which was beyond imagination. What happened was unprecedented in the history of Nigeria. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Would you say that a re-jig of architecture as being suggested by a cross section of Nigerians would make a difference on the security situation of the country? I strongly believe that the removal of Service Chiefs will go a long way in enhancing productivity on the part of the military. When things are not working well in any service, both public and private, there is need for a change. I urge President Muhammadu Buhari to listen to the calls of Nigerians and re-jig the security apparatus and replace the Service Chiefs with people who have fertile ideas and can work with military precision for accomplishments. Seeing People Living The Life I Lived Before Makes Me Uncomfortable –Dr. Williams-Daudu Nigeria Problems Emanate From Leadership Failure – Nzechukwu Do you share the view that the rising wave of insecurity in the country could be due to conspiracy in government quarters? Personally, I think the recent abduction of a very large number of students in Katsina State was not orchestrated by government. The modus operandi of the abductors and the body language of the government, showed that the abduction was not orchestrated by the government. Garba Shehu’s early statement that only 10 people were kidnapped could tell you that the government itself was taken unawares by the incident. How could one believe that President Buhari would allow his state to be dragged into public ridicule? The allegation that the abduction was orchestrated by government has political undertone. Thank God the government ensured the release of the students within a very short time. Also the government should ensure the release of the remaining Chibok girls as well as Leah Sharibu. The government should take decisive actions for the release of those still being held captive. That will go a long way to redeem the battered image of government. Once more, I call on the government to re-jig the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Department of State Security (DSS) and other security agencies. How do you think the country could pull out of the current economic recession? The problem of Nigeria has always been not doing the right thing at the right time. The government should try as much as possible to manage the sources of funds appropriately, with probity and accountability. You cannot manage the economy without probity and accountability. Any nation where there is no accountability and probity is bound to go into recession. I will advise the government to listen to the clarion call by experts to rejig the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), the Nigerian Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC), the Debt Management Office (DMO), the EFCC, and the Economic Advisory Council with people of integrity and high sense of responsibility. You cannot leave the management of the nation in the hands of those who cannot provide appropriate mechanism to manage the economy profitably. Those who will manage the economy should be business oriented. How do you think the country could succeed with its huge foreign and local debts? The government should take into cognisance that Nigeria is seen by other African countries as the giant of the continent. The government should put in place those measures that will help it manage the funds from the NNPC, Customs, Federal Inland Revenue, Immigration, CBN, Federal Ministry of Finance, Debt Management Office, EFCC and other agencies. The EFCC should wake up from its slumber and do its jobs appropriately. The EFCC has been in the news in recent time over the suspension of the Acting Chairman, Ibrahim Magu. I advise President Buhari to appoint someone with high profile integrity to replace Magu urgently. That position should not be left for one on acting capacity for too long. Nigerians have been complaining of the recent hike in fuel price and tariff on electricity. What is your take on these? I think the increase in pump price of fuel was uncalled for at this time of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has affected the world’s economy. The government should think of how to check the spread of COVD-19 pandemic which has entered its second wave in Nigeria and worldwide because of its effects on the economy. The Federal Government should empower appropriate agencies responsible of educating the public on the effects of COVID-19 on people’s lives and the economy. I am surprised the way and manner Nigerians take the issue of COVID-19 lightly. This is a good example of how things should not be. Every Nigerian should take responsibility to protect themselves and loved ones from COVID-19. The government cannot do it alone. We must play our parts to save lives and the economy. What is your view on the hike of electricity tariff? The issue of electricity has been on top burner for so many years. I wonder why government has not been able to ensure that there is light for all. A situation where there is no light and the government wakes up to increase tariff does not speak well for the country. The government and appropriate agencies should endeavour to bring down the tariff and if possible, come out with some palliatives because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) said it called off its protracted strike conditionally. How do you see the development as the lecturers may go on strike once more? The ASUU strike which has been a recurring decimal is a sad development. I am not particularly happy that the government has failed to fulfill its side of the agreement it entered with ASUU. The issue of Integrated Pay Roll System which the government has been asking ASUU to enroll is inappropriate an uncalled for. The university system in Nigeria should be given free hands to manage their affairs the way they deem fit for good academic learning as obtainable in other climes. The government should provide special funds for universities in Nigeria, whether public or private. University education should not be relegated to the background as it is being done here. It does not speak well of Nigeria which prides itself as the giant of Africa. I wonder why government will fail to release funds for the education sector if the government can provide humongous funds for the Presidency, National Assembly, the governors in the name of security votes, constituency allowances. What is wrong in giving 20 percent of the budget to education? Most of the leaders in government are products of the universities. We must learn to do the right thing and stop blaming ASUU members who are asking for their rights. Going by the way the Labour Minister, Dr. Chris Ngige handled the ASUU strike and other labour issues since he became the minister, do you think he should continue to be retained in that office? The government of President Muhammadu Buhari should wake up and reshuffle the cabinet ministers due to poor performance. Those that should go included Minister of Information and Culture; Minister of Labour and Productivity; Minister of Education; Minister of Works and Housing; Minister of Finance; Minister of the Niger Delta Affairs; Minister of Mines and Steel Development, and Minister of Power. This should be done immediately to bring life to the economy. Those ministers have performed woefully. I wonder why President Buhari did not change the ministers after his first term. This idea of recycling the ministers appears to be scandalous. There are people who can do the job better than these people, even within APC. Does it mean that he has special interest in these set of people? We need those who can bring life to the economy of the nation. These people are far spent and seem bankrupt with ideas. That is the truth. It is not Chris Ngige alone that should go. Several of the ministers should go. Look at the state of the federal roads across the nation, especially in South West, South East and South-South. Yet, we have a Minister of Works and Housing. We need a qualified and seasoned professional as Minister of Works. Also, the Minister of Justice and Attorney General of the Federation should be shown the way out. He has been there in the first tern of this administration. Tell me, what special interest has President Buhari in Malami that he should remain there despite allegations against him by Ibrahim Magu as well as several human rights abuses of citizens under the administration. What is your take on the ongoing debate over the zoning of 2023 presidency? Truly speaking, I will say that the presidency should be zoned to the South East, not minding the political party, whether APC or PDP. What is good for the North West, South West and South South is also good South East. We have well qualified men and women from South East adequately looked upon as veritable authorities in the management of funds and economy with very high sense of responsibility. Let Nigerians decide and concede the 2023 presidency to the South East now. The South East is a part of Nigeria’s political equation. This equation has to be balanced. We need people who can change the economy of this country. We have the Soludos, the Peter Obis and the Ihejirikas and several others who can perform and turn the nation around. My candid call on Easterners is for them to close ranks, create the enabling environment to reach out to other parts of the country, mobilize funds to procure the presidency in 2023. What advice would you give to Mahmood Yakubu the INEC chairman? The INEC and the chairman in particular should put on ground appropriate mechanisms to ensure free and fair election in 2023. Nigerians do not expect less from the agency. They should start planning ahead of time. The Electoral Act should be reviewed while the issue of electronic voting should be uppermost in their mind. The Nigerians in Diaspora should be given authority to vote in 2023 as obtained in other civilized climes. We can even do it better. We can even use mailing system to make them vote for their candidates from the countries of domicile as was done by the Americans in their last elections. The time has come for Nigerians to embrace change in our democratic system. We should do away with all anachronistic ideas so that our democracy will develop and move forward.