ASABA – A new President General is ex­pected to emerge from Igbo mass movement known as Ohaneze Ndigbo being the only notable pan Igbo Socio-Cultural organisation globally. As controversial as the election seems to be, the outgoing President General Chief John Nnia Nwodo and the election organising committee are determined to hold the election Janu­ary 10, 2021 despite litigations pending in court against the group. The former Secretary General of Ohaneze, Barrister Uche Okwukwu had earlier gone to a High Court sitting in Umuahia against the leadership of Ohaneze, demanding that the court should set aside all decisions taken by Chief John Nnia Nwodo and other members of the group in respect to all matters relating to the conduct of Ohaneze election 2021. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He precisely wants the court to set aside electoral committee set up by Chief Nwodo and seek perpetual in­junction restraining Nwodo or any of his agents from summoning meetings of Ohaneze and at all levels until the determination of the suit pending in Umuahia High Court. Chief Nwodo had in December 2020 constituted a 40-man electoral committee at the organisation’s high­est decision making organ, Ime-Obi, promising that his administration would not impose a successor. BREAKING: Court Dismisses Certificate Forgery Case Against Gov Obaseki 15m BVN Already Linked With NIN – NIMC Boss “I have no desire to nominate or choose my successor contrary to widespread reports in the media. My administration cannot undermine the unity of Igboland no matter the pres­sure by anybody. “What we have done so far is to set the template for a peaceful transition and whatever anybody has done to suggest that we are working towards a consensus candidate and in the pro­cess, rob Ndigbo of ideal leadership, is not true. We are committed to a cred­ible process that will be accepted by Ndigbo.” After Nwodo’s assurances, he re­vealed that out of 40-man electoral committee, Imo, Abia, Enugu, Anam­bra and Ebonyi States had four mem­bers each on the list, Delta and Rivers States had three members respectively. Other members of the committee, he said were selected from Igbo groups, such as the Ndigbo Lagos, Association of Southeast Town Unions (ASETU), the Diaspora Youth Wing, Ohanaeze Abuja, Aka Ikenga, Izu-Umunna, among others. Again, another controversy en­sured over the list of members of the electoral committee with the Minister of Labour and Employment, Dr. Chris Ngige, insisting that he was not con­sulted when the Anambra State list was drawn. He argued that he served at the leadership of Aka Ikenga and Ndig­bo Lagos, former Senator and serving Minister of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and therefore eminently quali­fied to nominate members of the com­mittee from Anambra State. Four notable contestants are in the race and according to the rotation ar­rangement, the next Ohaneze Ndigbo President must come from Imo State. These personalities include: Dr. Joe Nwaorgu, Dr. Chris Asoluka, Prof. Chi­di Osuagwu, Bar. Goddy Uwazuruike and Prof. George Obiozor. While Ambassador George Obio­zor claimed to be a consensus candi­date, Dr. Joe Nworgu said that the issue of consensus candidate when there are more than one person contesting for the same position is strange and inconsistent with the Ohaneze Ndigbo constitution. Nworgu rejected the electoral committee as presently constituted by the outgoing President General and his team, stating that members of the committee are made up of gov­ernment representatives and not a reflection of what Ohaneze stands for. The aspirants seemed to be in touch with the delegates spread across seven Igbo speaking states of Imo, Abia, Anambra, Enugu, Ebonyi, Rivers and Delta States respectively. Other delegates are also expected from Lagos, Youth arm of Ohaneze and other groups recognised by Ohaneze globally. In his bid to win the people’s con­fidence and to be elected as the Pres­ident General of Ohaneze, Ambassa­dor George Obiozor said that if elected he will speak and protect Igbo interest. Ambassador George Obiozor, was the former Nigerian Ambassador to the United States of America, Israel and Republic of Cyprus. He was the former Director General of Nigeri­an Institute of International Affairs (NIIA), Victoria Island, Lagos. Dr. Joe Nworgu, being one of the serious contenders in the race was a lecturer at the University of Nigeria Nsukka and holds a doctorate degree of the University of Cambridge. He made it in the pan Igbo so­cio-cultural organisation being Ohanaeze Ndigbo, having held posi­tions of Deputy Secretary General and finally emerged as the Ohaneze Secretary-General 2013-2017 and was a representative at the National Con­fab organised in 2014 by the President Goodluck Jonathan’s administration. Trying to convince the Igbo race to vote for him, Dr. Joe Nworgu stated that he contributed in the formulation of the Igbo position to the Oputa Panel led by Senator Uche Chukwumerije in Abuja. According to him, he served as Chairman, the national planning committee of annual Igbo day cele­bration in 2003, 2005, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2016. This, according to him, was enough to understand how the Igbo people function both in tradition and other areas of human endeavours. Hon. Chuks Iloegbunam described Nworgu as patriotic and has been in the centre of Ohanaeze politics and incapable of being pocketed on Igbo re­lated issues by the people he described as political jobbers and moneybags. Chief Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu as one of the respected leaders in Igbo land and a high ranking member of Ohaneze took advantage of his position and presented Prof George Obiozor to the Governor of Imo State, Senator Hope Uzodimma for endorse­ment of his candidature. A section of Ohaneze Imo State extraction was present during Obiozor’s endorse­ment at the Imo State Government House, Owerri. Concerned by the consequences of the said endorsement by Governor of Imo State and Governor David Umahi of Ebonyi State adoption of Uzodim­ma’s position, some Igbo leaders have called on Prof George Obiozor to with­draw from the race, insisting that gov­ernment interference in Ohaneze will spell doom for the apex Socio-Cultural organisation. The former Governor of Imo State, Senator Rochas Okorocha called on Chief Emmanuel Iwuanyanwu and others who endorsed Obiozor to with­draw their position in the interest of Ala-Igbo, stating that Ndigbo at all lev­els should be allowed to conduct their affairs without interference. The former Governor of Anambra State, Dr. Chukwuemeka Ezeife said, “there is danger in government in­volvement in the politics of Ohaneze. What I heard in efforts to elect Presi­dent of Ohaneze is not the way we do it. We rotate it among states but the of­ficials of Ohaneze or government has never selected anyone and impose it on Ohaneze. I have been very unhappy about this development. George Obio­zor is my good friend and as it is today, I will advise him to withdraw from the contest because all that has been said and those resolved issues among them are not in the Igbo interest. “Igbo is not for sale and if we miss it now, we will find it difficult to recov­er. The conspiracy of Imo and Ebonyi States governors has made the matter worse and we have heard more than the eyes can see. A lot of problems are associated with this conspiracy and it is a situation the Igbos would not like. Ohaneze cannot dance to the tune of their drums.” Professor of law Nnamdi Obiaraeri and Barr Kelechi Okpaleke shared similar views, stating that government involvement in organising Ohaneze election will send the organisation to sick bed. Prof Obiaraeri said, “the involve­ment of government in Ohaneze will continue to make it a paper tiger. It should be a mass movement con­necting the Igbos both cultural and economically. Despite the fact that Ohaneze presently is an assemblage of seasoned opportunists, it will not be proper to allow it to be swallowed by politicians and government at all levels. It will lack the moral authority to invite government officials and in­dividuals for questioning. “Prof George Obiozor is a good man, but his sponsors are creating doubt in the minds of Igbos and what they intend to achieve with this po­sition particularly in 2023. Look at it critically, Governors David Umahi and Hope Uzodimma are of APC. Have they asked the take of other gover­nors who are not members of APC? Therefore, I don’t see that conspiracy between Umahi and Uzodimma work­ing out in the interest of Igbos”. Barr Okpaleke said, “govern­ment involvement in the activities of Ohaneze will spell doom against Ndig­bo and efforts to push Prof George Obiozor will trigger the dead end of Ohaneze”. The outgoing President General Chief John Nnia Nwodo is embittered and alleged that some Igbos are work­ing to ensure a vacuum in Ohaneze. “Our people are difficult, they want­ed an electoral committee which I have done. I even sent the list to Ime-obi for approval, it was still opposed even when I included names of supporters of aspirants in the committee. “Some of them who suspected that they will not win are already canvass­ing for the election to be postponed to another date. What they are doing now is that, if you cannot win, destroy Ohaneze. My worry is that this is com­ing at a time we are clamouring for President of Igbo extraction in 2023. “They want to portray us as a peo­ple not united. I have made the job very attractive. As President General, none of the Igbo Governors gave me a car, a piece of land or paid me a penny as salary. I will not let Igbo leaders and Ohaneze down and Ohaneze will nev­er die in my hands. I will try my best to ensure the election holds because my tenure expires on January 10, 2021 and there can never be a vacuum after the expiration of my tenure,” Nwodo stated.