Egypt, on Tuesday, through a virtual event, signed a COVID-19 Tourism Recovery Technical Assistance Cooperation Package in collaboration with the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD), and the United Nations World Tourism Organisation (UNWTO). The package was signed between Minister of International Cooperation, Rania A. Al Mashat with Managing Director for the Southern and Eastern Mediterranean European Bank for Reconstruction and Development Heike Harmgart, and Minister of Tourism and Antiquities, Khaled El-Enany This formed part of the state’s efforts to boost the recovery of the tourism sector, with a focus on private sector engagement. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The Ministry of International Cooperation clarified that the pandemic has placed an acute strain on global tourism. As one of the world’s largest economic sectors, tourism generates growth, investments, creates jobs and drives exports globally. “The global tourism sector represents 30 percent of the world’s export of services ($1.5 trillion), with 45 percent in developing countries. Mysterious Ilama Found In Massachusetts UAE Chefs Breaks Guinness Record In May 2020, UNWTO forecast that the impacts of COVID-19 will result in international tourist arrivals dropping by 60 percent to 8 percent when compared with 2019 figures,” it added, clarifying that in Egypt, the sector represents 15 percent of GDP with 98 percent privately led. According to the ministry, to build the resilience of tourism enterprises amid the COVID-19 pandemic, as the private sector represents 98 percent of the tourism sector in Egypt, incentivizing job creation is a key cornerstone of the cooperation package, as it seeks to identify support mechanisms for tourism enterprises, particularly SMEs, to support the local economy and strengthen local linkages. It also aims to formulate specific recommendations to foster job creation, targeting the self-employed and protecting the most vulnerable groups. The report said the package will also aim to improve Egypt’s tourism safety, health and hygiene regulations to align with international practices, providing tailor-made training programmes that are applicable to the local context for managerial level in the tourism industry as well as newly hired fresh graduates.