Matthew Kukah, Bishop of Sokoto Catholic Diocese, said Nigeria has not recovered from wounds of the civil war 51 years after it ended. Speaking at the second edition of the ‘Never Again Conference: 51 Years after the Nigerian-Biafran Civil War’ on Thursday, the bishop said the country failed to adopt res­olutions that were meant to heal the wounds of citizens. The ‘Never Again Conference’ is the brainchild of Nzuko Umunna, a pan-Igbo socio-cul­tural organisation, which or­ganised the first edition in Lagos in 2020. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Kukah said some of those resolutions came from the Hu­man Rights Violations Investi­gation Commission popularly known as Oputa panel, which was set up by the Obasanjo ad­ministration. He also said while the mili­tary laid the foundation for Ni­gerians to begin a process of rebuilding the nation, “things somehow went wrong” along the line. FG Asks Schools To Reopen Jan. 18 Gunmen Abduct 27 Kano Traders, Four Kaduna Nursing Mothers, 14 Others “I have met a lot of people who fought the war who are full of regrets. There is a lot of resentment, anxiety and frustration that we have not learnt any lessons,” he said. “Fifty-one years after the war, we are still hearing the kind of agitations that ordi­narily, with commitment, dedication, focus and the right leadership, we should have put a lot of the anxieties behind us. Unfortunately, they are still with us.” The bishop described the Oputa panel which he was part of as “the best school I would ever hope to attend. “Oputa panel managed to generate quite a lot of data and information that acade­micians and policymakers would have used to ensure we erect the signpost saying, ‘Never Again’, because it gave us an opportunity, a mirror to look at ourselves after hearing from all sides but we didn’t have the discipline to follow through,” he said. “We have not been able to forgive ourselves as a people. The wounds of the civil war have not been able to heal. Coups and counter-coups that followed were more or less miniature civil wars by them­selves because they threw up the same contradictions, anx­ieties and feeling of divisive­ness across the country.” In his remarks, Pat Utomi, chairman of the conference planning committee, said the initiative started as an advoca­cy “in trying to bring a better understanding of the civil war and its aftermath to the Nigerian people”. According to him, this is being pursued in a way that “it will become a source of energy for bringing a new nation. “We know that if people learn enough from errors of yesterday, they can, in fact, make more progress than they are currently making,” he said. “One of the biggest chal­lenges of nation-building is the kind of trust deficits that exist which make policy im­plementation very challeng­ing. “A better understanding of the civil war will make it become a ladder that people can climb to higher levels of growth.” Pa Ayo Adebanjo, who chaired the event, said with justice and equity, restruc­turing and a people’s consti­tution, Nigeria would over­come most of her current challenges. He specifically called for a return to the Independence Constitution or 1963 Consti­tution our founding fathers such as Sir Ahmadu Bello, Dr. Nnamdi Azikiwe and Chief Obafemi Awolowo agreed to. Chief Mbazulike Amechi, first Republic Minister, who decried the marginalisation of Igbo in Nigeria, said this is not the country they fought and also urged enthronement of equity, fairness and justice. Alhaji Tanko Yakassai, who recalled how what he deemed the largely Igbo coup of 1966 aborted the Nigerian dream and trajectory, said 51 years after a lot of reconcilia­tion, reconstruction and reha­bilitation had taken place and Nigerians are living with one another all over the country. He urged joining of forces to deepen democracy and en­throne an egalitarian society. No Harm Must Befall Kukah, CAN Warns Meanwhile, the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) said those asking Matthew Kukah, the Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, to leave the state are constituting a global threat against Christianity. Kukah had accused Pres­ident Muhammadu Buhari of nepotism, saying there could have been a coup if a non-Northern Muslim pres­ident did a fraction of what Buhari has done. Reacting, the Arewa Youth Consultative Forum (AYCF) described Kukah’s comments as a “treasonable felony against the Nigerian state”. On Wednesday, the Muslim Solidarity Forum asked Ku­kah to tender an apology to the Muslim faithful or vacate the state over his “malicious comments” against Muslims. In a statement on Thurs­day, Joseph Daramola, Gener­al-Secretary CAN, said threats against Kukah are unconsti­tutional. CAN said there is nothing wrong in Kukah’s message to the nation, wondering if those threatening the cleric “are above the law or if they are sacred cows in the country. “We have been watching the unfolding scenario since Bishop Kukah spoke his mind on the State of the Nation in his Christmas homily and how some groups of people have been threatening him with fire and brimstone while all relevant security agencies are pretending as if nothing unusual is happening,” the statement reads. “We have studied the whole Christmas message of Dr. Kukah and we are yet to see any incitement against Islam or non-Christians. We see nothing wrong in his message to the nation that has been under the siege of terrorists, herdsmen killers, bandits and kidnappers as if there was no government in place. We see nothing wrong in telling a government whose lopsided appoint­ments are against Christians the whole truth. “If criticism against a Muslim president today is an incitement to violence against Islam, it then means those who were criticising the duo of former Presidents Oluse­gun Obasanjo and Goodluck Jonathan when they were in power were actually attacking Christianity. “When has it become an offence to speak the truth to power? When has it become a crime to criticise a govern­ment in the country? “When did the Police and the Directorate of the State Services lose their power to miscreants and lawless peo­ple who are making boasts of their lawlessness without a challenge? We wonder if those Muslim groups who are threatening to deal with Ku­kah got equal response from their Christian counterparts, are we not setting up the coun­try on fire?” CAN said Kukah was post­ed to Sokoto to serve, saying it is wrong to threaten him. The association called on President Muhammadu Bu­hari and security agencies to protect the cleric and prevent any harm against him. “Bishop Kukah was post­ed to serve in Sokoto by the Papacy and threatening him to leave is a global threat to Christianity. In this same country, we have a Catholic priest whose name is syn­onymous with President Muhammadu Buhari yet the Catholic Church has not deemed it fit to sanction him because freedom of speech and association is not only a constitutional matter but god­ly,” the statement read. “We call on President Mu­hammadu Buhari and all the security agencies to en­sure that no harm befalls the Catholic Bishop of the Sokoto Diocese, Dr. Matthew Hassan Kukah. As far as the Chris­tian Association of Nigeria is concerned, what he said in his Christmas Homily was still within the ambience of the law.”