The insurance industry recapitalisation again hits a brick wall recently as the exercise was suspended by the National Insurance Commission (NAICOM), following the Federal High Court interim order directing the Commission to suspend the exercise, a development that has dealt a thunder blow on the intention of the initiative. The question on the lips of the market watchdogs is after the suspension of the exercise as ordered by the court, what next? Although stakeholders still believe that the issue of recapitalisation is not foreclosed as suspension is not cancellation. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Shedding their opinion on the issue, stakeholders believed that the suspension is a mark that NAICOM respects the law, but warn that it is not yet uhuru for operators as suspension does not amounts to cancellation. For the fourth time from 2017 to date, efforts of the commission to grow insurance market liquidity through capital raise have been met with stiff resistance from the stakeholders which has led to various court cases and the subsequent suspension of the exercise. #endSARS: Why Insurers Must Demonstrate Value Ojumah Wins African Insurance CEO Awards 2020 Within this period, tier based minimum solvency capital (TBMSC) which was introduced as a new capital model for companies to operate within their risk appetite in 2017 was cancelled through a circular signed by Mr Pius Agboola, Director, Policy and Regulation at the NAICOM and dated November 18, 2018 due to industry forces. The circular captioned ‘Withdrawal of Circular on Tier Based Solvency Capital Policy for Insurance Companies in Nigeria’ stated: “Pursuant to the powers conferred by the enabling laws, the Commission hereby withdraws and cancels the Circular dated August 27, 2018 with reference number NAICOM/DAPCIR/14/2018 and titled Tier Based Solvency Capital Policy for Insurance Companies in Nigeria. This withdrawal and cancellation takes immediate effect.” In 2019, NAICOM, after savouring the tier based defeat, cameupwiththestatutoryshare capital increase acrossall underwriting and reinsurance firms in the industry. But the emergence of the coronavirus in the first quarter of 2020 prompted an extension of the initial June 30 2020 deadline to December 31 that year. The new deadline also stipulated 50/60per cent segmentation by companies while the full recapitalisation exercise wasscheduledtoendbySeptember 30, 2021. Worried about the impact of latest economic challenges such as the COVID-19 Pandemic and #EndSARS crisis, the House of Representatives had passed a resolution demanding that the NAICOM suspend its planned December 31, 2020 mandatory deadline for the first phase of 50 per cent– 60 per cent of the minimum paid-up share capital for insurance and reinsurance companies. According to the House of Representatives, “the suspension is expected to last for six months from January – June 2021 and is necessary to give the insurance operators soft landing, as well as cushion the effects of COVID-19 and other unforeseen circumstances they might have suffered.” The Nigerian Insurers Association (NIA) on it part is pushing for its preferred type of recapitalisation by asking the National Assembly to infused in the Insurance Industry consolidated bill Risk based Capital adequacy template. Ganiyu Musa, Chairman of the Association had stated that in adopting Risk based Capital adequacy template, the Association took cognisance of the need to consider insurance risk, market risk, credit risk, and operational risk as well as the need to apply such capital charges on assets and liabilities (all capital resources inclusive). He hinged the Association’s position on the 2013 IMF Report on the Nigerian Insurance Industry which prescribed the risk based capital model as most suitable for the Nigerian Insurance market. According to him, the IMF report was duly acknowledged and admitted by the National Insurance Commission (NAICOM) as the right capital framework for the market as it seeks to limit the capital required by operators to the level of risks they can carry. When the Bill is eventually signed into law in line with this proposal, it will lay to rest, the contentious issue of the definition of capital which has been a major point of the Association’s engagements with the Commission during the ongoing recapitalisation exercise. “We are convinced that risk based capital adequacy template is the best fit for the insurance industry in Nigeria especially given the fact that the 2013 IMF report has prescribed it and the Commission agreed with it.” he stated. Adebayo Adeleke, an insurance broker charged insurance operators not to relent as suspension is not cancellation, stressing that the court case could turn in favor of NAICOM. He urged operators to continue with their fund drive, adding that they really need funds to underwrite high tickets risks. Nona Awo, Financial analyst and Shareholder, said the suspension is in order, according to him, with the COVID-19 Pandemic and #EndSARS, this is not the best time to undertake an effective recapitalisation. He urged NAICOM, Insurance operators and other stakeholders to work together and be on the same page on how to determine the type of capital the industry needs.