Ordinarily, the disclosure that the federal government has voted N675 billion to procure arms and train soldiers in order to stem insecurity in the North, should offer hope for Nigerians that government is still committed to stamping out high level criminality from that area. However, Nigerians cannot forget in a hurry how in the past huge sums were voted for the same purpose and frittered away for political and selfish gains. The big question therefore is: will this new vote be spent appropriately for its intended purpose? The poser is a big challenge to the President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration, notwithstanding that it was responsible for exposing the corruption that was tied to more than $2.2 billion voted to fight Boko Haram insurgency in the North West towards the end of the administration of former President, Goodluck Jonathan. As it turned out, the money, along with N643.8 billion, was disbursed from the office of the then national Security Adviser, not to mobilize against insecurity, but to unjustly enrich some Nigerians and sponsor the re-election of Dr. Jonathan. The effect of that grand act of sleaze is that Boko Haram got the better of the military, a fact Nigeria is yet to debunk. President Buhari must, this time around, work closely with all relevant agencies and individuals having to do with security, with a sole aim to fully and finally stamp out insurgency and other heinous crimes from Nigeria. After 10 years of unbroken war against terrorism, billions of dollars and local currency, hundreds of thousands of premature deaths, millions of people displaced and property worth billions destroyed, nothing short of a concerted effort to restore peace to the country will suffice. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Chairman of the Senate Committee on Army, Mohammed Ali Ndume broke the information that the federal government has earmarked N675 billion for procurement of arms and equipment, as well as training of 8,000 soldiers to end Boko Haram insurgency and banditry in the northern part of the country. According to the Senator, N500 billion of the amount is for procurement of arms and ammunitions as well as fighting equipment. Operation Lafiya Dole in the North East is to get N75 billion for counter insurgency operations in Sambisa Forest and Lake Chad Region. Another N100 billion is for on-going training of 8,000 soldiers in Zaria and Falgore Forest “to match with modern warfare against the insurgency.” On paper, the plan seemed impressive enough to bring about a major change in the war-torn axis. Nigerians require greater assurance that the country will soon be rid of terrorism, banditry and other heinous crimes such as kidnapping that have become associated with them. The experience in the past was ugly to say the least, as huge money meant to fight crime simply evaporated while the crime festered beyond imagination. This time around, Nigerians demand impact of their money on the security situation of the country. Averting The Looming Hunger And Food Crisis X-Raying Buhari’s New Year Broadcast Ultimately, the solution to ridding the country of terrorists under whatever guise, and restoring peace to the country, does not reside solely on throwing money to the problem. Even under the current administration, huge amounts have been spent over the past five years, without commensurate returns. While government has continually claimed victory over the insurgents, they (terrorists) have countered the claims by regularly carrying out deadly operations against the people and often against military bases. For the current plan to have meaningful impact, government must first ensure that military contracts are not over-inflated such that a lot of money ends up buying very few goods. This has been a Nigerian problem compared with other countries in the same region. It is not unlikely that some officials are feeding fat on the insecurity, at the expense of the country winning the war. President Buhari, as well as the National Assembly, must unravel the mystery behind disappearance of funds without a corresponding achievement. Secondly, Nigeria should seek greater collaboration with neighboring countries as well as foreign experts such as the United Kingdom, United States and even the United Nations. In view of the intercontinental spread of banditry and terrorism, international collaboration against a common enemy will likely record greater effect; and Nigeria should fully explore this option. The authorities should also intensify intelligence and military surveillance. It would appear for instance that the terrorists have been largely dictating the pace and forms of engagement while the military has been reacting. Why for example has it been difficult to identify the sources of funding of the insurgents and exterminate or render them ineffective? Very importantly, what has the Army done about various allegations of sabotage within the institution that has made it possible for Boko Haram to ambush the Army during operations? Obviously, answers to some of these questions are not meant for public consumption. While the military authorities may be taking action on them, they should be concerned that these actions need to be translated into concrete achievement that Nigerians can feast upon. At the moment, there is little for Nigerians, especially those directly affected in the North, to cheer. More than anything else, they need that hope urgently. Government and the military should not disappoint Nigerians.