Bayern Munich youngster Joshua Zirkzee is a wanted man. According to Fabrizio Romano, Everton and Serie A side Parma are in talks with Bayern over a loan deal for the talented attacker. The teenager striker has made a handful of appearances for the European Champions this season. Joshua Zirkzee Emerges as a Transfer Target for Everton ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Bayern Munich are in Talks With the Toffees Over a Loan Deal Zirkzee has made just eight appearances across three competitions for Bayern Munich this season. Unsurprisingly, he is struggling for game time with Robert Lewandowski continuing to deliver the goods for Hansi Flick’s team. COVID-19: S’Africa Records 615 Deaths, Just Less Than 15,000 New Cases In 24hrs Dutch Govt Resigns Over Child Welfare Fraud Scandal It appeared that Zirkzee was set to join Eintracht Frankfurt. However, they instead have re-signed Luka Jovic from Real Madrid after he was made available. While that move has broken down, Zirkzee isn’t short on suitors to take him. Everton are leading the chase for the talented teenager. Carlo Ancelotti is looking to enhance his attacking options as he looks to ensure European football for the Toffees. He would compete with the likes of Dominic Calvert-Lewin, Bernard and Richarlison for a place in the Everton side. His versatility would be a huge plus for Ancelotti. Zirkzee has demonstrated he can play in all forward areas and possess real quality on the ball. He would suit Everton’s attacking style of play and certainly would get a chance to impress. Everton Face Stiff Competition for the Talented AttackerHowever, Everton face competition for the Dutch teenager with Serie A side Parma also interested. Like Everton, they too are in talks with Bayern Munich over a loan deal. Should Parma win the race, Zirkzee will join a side desperately short on goals and battling relegation. They boast Serie A’s weakest attack scoring just 13 goals in 17 league games. Parma sit 19th in the Serie A table, two points adrift of safety. Roberto D’Aversa has recently returned as manager but has yet to pick up a point. It’s a viable option for Zirkzee but, he will join a team on a tough run of form and struggling for points. (SOURCE: Last Word On Sports)