ABUJA  – Smarting from previous lockdown that grounded business in Abuja, Abuja Market Management Limited (AMML) has reiterated its commitment to fight COVID-19 by halting the further spread of the pandemic in its Market in Federal Capital Territory (FCT). This, the association said will be made possible by ensuring that all pharmaceutical protocols put in place by the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 is observed strictly in all markets controlled by them. Ibrahim Uzaibat, Managing Director AMML, made this known during a presentation of Waste Management and COVID-19 Appliances to Wuse Market Donated by Laurmann Nigeria on Tuesday in Abuja. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He, however, noted that since the advent of the second wave of COVID-19, the Organisation has carried out adequate sensitization and monitoring to ensure every traders and customers in the market observer the protocol. While commending the donor for the donation of the items, Uzaibat noted that before now, AMML and Market Managers have since stepped up all activities aimed at battling the Covid 19 pandemic especially adherence to non-pharmaceutical protocols. Abuja Begins e-Governance In January How FG Will Build Abuja’s Smart City He further noted that, AMML have a closer working relationship with Traders Association and the Ministerial task team on COVID-19 such that a trader, a shopper, or any other user of the market who flouts any of the protocols shall be made to face the full weight of the law. Uzaibat , also encourage other stakeholders to take a queue from donating more items to the market. He noted that the appliances donated will be deployed to add up to all other efforts by AMML, Traders Association and other partners in the fight of this disease. Earlier, the Director General of the Environmental company, Laurie Manaygin and the donor of the items, who described Wuse Market as the cleanest and better organized market in West Africa noted the his organization will continue to support the market to ensure clean environment and COVID-19 free. Meanwhile, Okorie Samuel, Chairman of Wuse Market trader Association in his remark noted that the Authority of the Market under his watch has taken issue of COVID-19 serious as no face mask now entry of the market both traders and buyers. A total of ten sets of resecled waste bin and ten numbers of wash hand bucket for COVID-19 was donated and handover to Wuse Market Traders Association. However, Reports from the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) official tweeter handle for January 11, 2021 shows that Nigeria has tested 1,025,560 samples for Covid 19, out of which 99,063 cases were confirmed while deaths cases recorded stood at 1,350 and recovery at 79,417 while 18,296 active cases are being monitored closely with FCT having 13,406 confirmed cases coming second as the state with the most infected.