Penultimate Monday, January 4, to be precise, I goofed and I do hereby tender my profound apology to you all. For some time now, Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Most Revd. Matthew Hassan Kukah has been in the news. For those who know the antecedents of the revered cleric, he is clearly operating on a familiar turf. What he said in a Christmas Day homily to the nation is no longer news. As I said in that January 4 piece, Bishop Kukah has only stated the obvious which we all know and on which the hypocrites among us have decided to feast. Kukah simply spoke truth to power and those who are not comfortable with this should have realised by now that no matter how they feel, the Catholic cleric would not be prepared to concede an inch to them as far as his principle and positions on issues are concerned. Among the attacks against the Bishop, I had described the one by Ishaq Akintola, the Director-General of the Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC), who alleged that Kukah’s Christmas message, was calling for a coup against a democratically-elected government, as the most preposterous. For this I have to apologise because I had no way of knowing that the dumbest was yet to come. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Indeed, a new twist was added to the laughable episode when some groups issued a warning to the Bishop to leave Sokoto. The Muslim Solidarity Forum (MSF), last Tuesday warned the cleric to “quickly and quietly leave” Sokoto, the seat of the caliphate. They said Kukah’s “innuendos and parables” in his speeches were against Islam and its adherents, adding that they were provocative. The MSF threat came few days after the Jama’atu Nasril Islam (JNI) had similarly attacked the Bishop, saying that the Christian leader made a veiled insinuation that Muslims have a pool of violence to draw from. Secretary-General, Abubakar Aliyu, accused Kukah of always being keen in pushing at the national fault lines, religion, tribe and North-South divide. “Bishop Kukah should not take Muslims kindness for timidity or foolishness. In being accommodative and kind, the Muslims are adhering to the teaching of the Glorious Quran that even in times of war the Muslims should offer assistance to those who seek their protection. Quran chapter 9 verse 6 is categorical on this,” the scribe wrote. Umahi: Apologies For Our Prince (1) Five Easy Ways To Kill Nigerian School Children (Dedicated To Late Prof Nick Idoko) “Kukah has friends and associates among the Muslim society. Without fear of any contradiction, he is most accepted and accommodated Christian clergy to the leaders of the Muslims in the north. They accorded him all the support he needed, despite some reservations from some quarters about his tendencies to bite the fingers that feed him.” Aliyu complained that in spite of the liberality, congeniality and the camaraderie extended to the Bishop across Northern states, he throws decorum to the wind and fires salvos at Muslims and Islam without any justification. The secretary announced that as a punishment for his several inane attacks, Kukah has lost the friendship and the hospitality of the entire Muslim populace. On December 1, 2014, the JNI had accused the then President Goodluck Jonathan’s administration of complicity in killings of Muslims and urged them to “take all defensive measures within the purview of the laws to protect themselves since government has clearly failed. “JNI will not be deterred nor cowed in observing the way and manner Muslims are being killed in Nigeria, particularly the North. Therefore, we are indeed shocked and pained beyond words over the news of the bomb blasts in Kano Central Mosque, which claimed the lives of over one hundred innocent Muslims (only Allah, can ascertain the total number of death toll).” Sad as these unfortunate and avoidable killings maybe, but there is need to ask where JNI was when Boko Haram first started by killing Christians and targeting churches across the north? What was their position when high-profile operations with international implications, such as the suicide attack on the United Nations headquarters in Abuja on August 26, 2011, and an escalation of attacks on Nigerian Christians as well as attacks against the Nigerian security apparatus (police and army), were taking place? Why did they not accuse the government of Jonathan of failing to protect Christians and ask the Christians to protect themselves by whatever means possible? Why were JNI and other elite in the north, Gen. Muhammadu Buhari, urging Jonathan to grant the-then-faceless Boko Harm insurgents amnesty? Starting with the major attacks in Damaturu in Yobe State on November 4, 2011 and the Christmas Day series of operations in 2011, Boko Haram renewed its focus on Christians by attacking local Christians in Boko Haram’s core operating area of Borno and Yobe states, and the adjacent state of Bauchi; major suicide operations or bombing attacks of high-profile churches in Jos in Plateau State, Abuja; and the middle belt regions. Bishop Kukah in his homily had accused President Buhari of nepotism. He declared that if a non-Northern Muslim were in power and did the same things as Buhari, there would have been a coup or war. He noted that the President had reduced others in public life to second class status. He regretted that Buhari has pursued self-defeating and alienating policy at the expense of greater national cohesion. Kukah said, “The President may have concluded that Christians will do nothing and will live with these actions. He may be right and we Christians cannot feel sorry that we have no pool of violence to draw from or threaten our country. However, God does not sleep. We can see from the inexplicable dilemma of his North.” The cleric’s accusations were merely targeted at the president and his style of governance and how does criticism against Buhari translate to attacking the Muslim north? Who does not know that all major establishments in Nigeria; from the NNPC to the CBN, NPA, the customs and the armed forces, just to mention a few, are exclusive preserve of the Muslim north especially at the top echelon? And like the National youth leader of CNNC, David Kadzai, stated in Yola, “If criticising President Muhammadu Buhari’s government is an attack on Islam, it means that Buhari, JNI and other Muslim faithful were attacking Christianity when they were criticising former President Goodluck Jonathan.” Kukah raised issues of nepotism, insecurity and lopsided appointments by the Buhari administration, but his critics are not defending those allegations, since they have no defence. Rather, they are making all kinds of empty threats. By the way, where was Aliyu when the Sultan of Sokoto, Sa’ad Abubakar, proclaimed that the North was the worst place to live in Nigeria due to insecurity? Why has he not advised the Muslims to defend themselves by whatever means since the government of President Buhari has failed to ensure their safety? Abubakar had said, “People think the North is safe, but that assumption is not true. In fact, it’s the worst place to be in this country. Bandits go around villages, households and markets with their AK 47 and nobody is challenging them. They stop at the market, buy things, pay and collect change, with their weapons openly displayed. These are facts I know because I am at the centre of it.” What we expect from JNI and the rest is that they repeat what they did in 2014 by calling on all to devise means of protecting themselves and blaming the Buhari government of complicity since the nation is still bugged by insecurity, ethnic and religious snags. We are equals in project-Nigeria and we must pay heed to Kadzai when he said, “I want those behaving as if they are landlords and other Nigerians are tenants to know that the country belongs to all of us and nobody has the monopoly of demeaning other Nigerians hiding under religion,” or project-Nigeria would remain a pipe dream. No group, religion or ethnic nationality enjoys the monopoly of violence.