In the count down to the exit of the outgoing 8th substantive Vice-Chancellor, Lagos State University Prof, Olanrewaju Fagbohun, the University Community on Monday, 4th, January 2021, organised a Valedictory Send-Forth in his honour at the Buba Marwa Auditorium, Ojo Main Campus . The event which was held in celebration of his legacy success was spiced with cultural displays from various traditional groups in the state. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Hon. Yinka Ogundimu, Chairman, House Committee on Education, who Chaired the occasion, congratulated the Vice-Chancellor for his achievements and successes as the institution’s numero uno. Foundation Wants More Support For Widows Democrats Poised To Control US Senate, Giving Biden Upper Hand He noted that Prof. Fagbohun, SAN, NPOM, came prepared to serve as the Vice-Chancellor, because of the fact that before becoming the Akesan Prince had gone round seeking knowledge from those who had succeeded in the position, in order to make a positive impact on the institution he was taking over. According to Hon. Ogundimu, good administration requires professionalism; noting also, the outgoing Vice-Chancellor received full cooperation from both academic and non-academic members of staff in propelling the ship of LASU on the right course. The Deputy Vice-Chancellor (Academics) Prof. Wahab Elias in his welcome address rained accolades on the outgoing Vice-Chancellor for his numerous achievements some of which he listed as prompt payment of monthly salary, restoration of peace and to cap it all, changing the narrative about the university. Tributes and goodwill messages were given by Prof. Oyedamola Oke, Deputy Vice Chancellor (Administration) who described the outgoing Vice Chancellor as a humble and humane leader, very supportive of his staff. He further described him as a leader who takes the welfare of the staff to heart. He added that in decision making, the Vice-Chancellor takes the students and members of staff into consideration and also gave members of the University Management free hand to operate. Mr. Akinwunmi Lewis, immediate past Registrar and Director, Special Duties (Registry), gave his goodwill message, saying: “he doesn’t reprimand you in the presence of others, he is a dedicated and dutiful leader” Prof. Rotimi Olatunji, Dean School of Communication, on his part, congratulated the Vice Chancellor for distinguishing himself as the 8th substantive Vice Chancellor of the University. He said“He is a team leader and player, he is committed and this is an epitome of a man with integrity. I salute his courage for standing for the truth at all times.” Mr. R.M Mustapha, Deputy Registrar, NASE, while speaking on behalf of the Deputy Registrars, said the Vice Chancellor has managed humans and resources efficiently. “He has respect for people, and he stands out in leadership skills”, he said. Prof. S.G Odewunmi in his tribute, which he gave virtually, congratulated the Vice Chancellor for safe landing and noted that this day should be celebrated. He said “we should celebrate our hero and the rebirth of new Lasu” The Leaders of all the Unions in the University; Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSANU), Non Academic Staff Union (NASU), Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), National Association of Academic Technologists (NAAT), Lagos State University Student’s Union (LASUSU) and the Chairman, IBILE Forum who were at the event equally presented their goodwill messages. At the event the IBILE Forum through their Chairman, Dr. Habeeb Sanni also presented a plaque of honor to the outgoing Vice-Chancellor. The Outgoing Vice Chancellor, Prof. ‘Lanre Fagbohun, SAN, NPOM, in his remark was overwhelmed and excited on the honor done him. He said “You are not celebrating me, but the stability, progress, commitment, and new dawn that we have created for ourselves is what we are celebrating… All of us seated here are the heroes of today’s celebration, myself and my Management team are just symbols of the achievements”, he said to a rousing applause from staff and students present at the event. The closing remark was given by the Registrar, Mohammed Olayinka Amuni, Esq. He thanked the Vice Chancellor, LASU members of staff, the planning committee and students for the memorable event. The event was well attended by the University Management team, members of Staff, Union leaders and their members and our World class students.