LAGOS-  Diran Odeyemi, Deputy National Publicity Secretary, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has said that Nigerians are tired of the failures of the All Progressives Congress (APC) under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari, and want the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) back to power to rescue them.  Odeyemi, in a live programme on Tuesday, said that Nigerians are aware  that APC cannot take them any further, so they demand to be left where they were with the PDP. He stressed that only the return of the main opposition party would solve the problem. He said, “I cannot see the emergence of any third force. Dele Momodu wants to be President of this country, like wise Omoyele Sowore, but we know that these are people fighting the cause of humanity.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “We cannot import people to come and lead us, so we must go back to the party that has been tested, which is PDP.” Talking about the President’s New Year address, Odeyemi said, “Rather than the President addressing the nation, he read a prepared speech by his aides. If you look at the speech in terms of content and personal conviction and what the president was reading out to Nigerians, there was no correlation.” “The President talked about EndSARS, and he said that they have listened and heard. Are Nigerians convinced that they have a President that listens? While the president acknowledged that a lot needs to be done in the area of security, is he convinced by still retaining the service chiefs?” Ekpa Vows To Showcase Her Passion In Gender, Women Welfare El-Rufai, Fayemi, Billed For Voice Magazine, 10th Anniversary Awards/Lecture “The President sought the sum of N355 billion about a year ago to counter Boko Haram, and six months after getting the fund, he said that Boko Haram has been technically defeated. We are in 2021 and the President is still coming to tell Nigerians that they are going to re-energize to fight insurgency.” The PDP chieftain maintained that since APC assumed power, nothing has improved and Nigerians keep hearing, “We will”, “We shall”. He said that Buhari came into power on the premise that as a former military man he knew how to secure the country, but six years into his administration, the situation got worse. “For six years APC has not put anything right. If you have admitted that you have failed, what excuses are you giving again? Nigerians have tried two husbands and they know which one is better,” he said.