AWKA- Hon. Ibezi Ifeanyichukwu, who represented Idemili North and Idemili South Federal Constituency at the House of Representatives, has called on party faithful and stakeholders of All Progressive Grand Alliance (APGA) in his constituency to unite if they must win the forthcoming Governorship election in Anambra State. Ibezi who addressed stakeholders from the twelve wards of Idemili North at the local government party secretariat at Nkpor at the weekend stressed that the party structures at the wards and local government levels must unite and be strengthened in readiness for the November governorship election in the state. Having been in power for almost 16 years now, he said, APGA is the party to beat in the forthcoming election and all hands must be on deck for the party to win. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! While appreciating party stakeholders and local government leaders for their relentless efforts in maintaining the structures and unity of the party at their various wards he urged them not to relent in their services to the party and to remain united and focused, adding: “APGA remains a political movement whose strength lies in the unity of its members”. “Every political party gearing for governorship election is seeking to topple APGA and only a united party can go into the election and hope to win, he added as he addressed the stakeholders which included visiting 12 council chairmen.” Fayemi’s Aide After My Life – Lere Olayinka BREAKING: Kano State Government Insist Schools Resumes Tomorrow He advised them to ignore those peddling the rumour that he planned leave the party saying that he cannot demolish a house he laboured to build. Earlier in his welcome speech the Idemili North local government chairman of the party Chief Kentus Onwurah thanked Ibezi for his continuous support and solidarity. He emphasized the importance of Idemili North and Idemili South Federal Constituency in the forthcoming election and stressed the need for unity of purpose and thanked the visiting chairmen. The spokesman of the visiting chairmen, and party chairman of Ayamelum local council Chief Livinus Onyekwe who doubles chairman of all the local council chairmen thanked Ibezi for the confidence he reposed in them. He said Ibezi did not only recognise the value of their offices and the significant role they played, especially in achieving the 21/21 victory for Governor Obiano in 2017 election in the state, but that a good number of them have been steadfast. Onyenwe noted that Ibezi is a great asset to the party and one of the forces to reckon with when it comes to electioneering in the state, as his capacity, dedication and relentless efforts saw to the party’s many victories, including the 2017 governorship election victory#