Minna- Governor Abubarkar Sani Bello of Niger state has assured investors doing business in any part of the state of their safety and that of their investments. Governor Bello gave the assurance over the weekend when he led members of his cabinet to the Bobi grazing reserve along the Mariga/ Mashegu Local Government boarders in the state. The Governor, who however cautioned Fulani herders against accepting strangers whose mission and intents could be harmful to their existence expressed his administration’s readiness to secure private and public investments from bandits and other criminal elements. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Alhough the state has been facing serious security challenges, the government is working tirelessly to guarantee safety of lives and properties of Nigerlites. Special attention is being paid to the grazing reserve because of its economic viability hence the resolve of the state government to protect the investment. Okowa Lauds FG Over 774,000 Job Empowerment, Charge Beneficiaries on Diligence Umahi Running Ebonyi As His Private Business, Ebonyi PDP Alleges According to him, ‘We will do whatever it takes to secure this place. I am committed and determined to do whatever it takes to ensure that investments of both government and private sector are secured.” “There are many rugas in this grazing reserve and we have been talking to them not to allow strangers into their midst. They should not allow people they do not know to join them.” “In all, we are doing our best to protect and secure this entire area and we will get to it’, adding that the government is desirous to take advantage of its proximity to the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) to improve on its economic potentials.” Bello expressed optimism that the establishment of the Bobi Grazing Reserve will reducie farmers-herders conflict and stop herders from moving their cows from one place to another. When completed, the reserve Governor Bello said will increase the Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) of the state and as well create jobs for the unemployed Nigerlites. Responding the Leader of the Fulanis in the Bobi Grazing Reserve, Malam Ardo Abubakar expressed appreciation to the government for the project which he said will empower at least 9,000 people and generate N9 billion yearly. The Bobi Grazing Reserve, he said will help herders have healthy cows that will guarantee more milk and meat and as well boost revenue generatiion for the state government.