Akure- Ondo State government has repositioned its healthcare system to tackle the second waive of COVID-19 pandemic as it embarked on full implementation of the “Kaadi-Igbeayo” and contributory healthcare schemes. Dr. Oluwole Ige, the Chief Medical Director of the state’s University of Medical Sciences Teaching Hospital Complex (UNIMEDTHC), on Sunday emphasised that with the two schemes, the health matters of the citizenry would be adequately taken care of. Speaking on the tremendous improvement in management and facilities of the teaching hospital complex to stem brain drain and medical tourism, Dr. Ige said: “We are not there yet but still we have moved forward from where we started and we will continue to improve. Overall, the balance of the whole thing I think we are progressing. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “There is demand for more health care delivery and the issues of health personnel is low to the need of population; and one of the way to bridge that gap is to bring personnel from outside the country or to look for them within the locality based on what you can produce.” “In the whole of South West, it is only Ondo State that didn’t have medical school before and when this present administration came on board, it started teaching hospital and by this year March, it would be exactly 3 years that we started teaching hospital in Ondo state.” Oyo State Directs Private Health Facilities To Stop Managing COVID-19 Patients COVID-19 Vaccine: Rate Of Infection To Determine Distribution– NPHCDA The Chief Medical Director of Mother and Child Hospital, Ondo, Dr. Olumide Michael Gbala, cautioned that the citizenry had to be careful about second wave of COVID-19, saying “The drug to treat it is not yet well defined. The way it behaves now we have to be very extra careful.” He advised that “we must obey the pandemic safety protocol by wearing our nose masks, washing our hands regularly with soap and maintain social distancing among others. We should try and avoid contacting it.” Speaking on the government’s Contributory Healthcare Scheme, Abiyamo and others, Dr. Gbala said: “We have been making some giant strikes on these and the Governor is so magnanimous to accommodate more new personnel across board. “Kaadi Igbeayo is cheap with multiple information that could be useful in health, statistics and many other area and the general thing is that every reasonable community should have a way to identify and get this card. “It is also useful for everybody to key into this Contributory Healthcare Scheme which would offer advantages of non-payment out of pocket. We are appealing to citizenry to key into this scheme to better themselves.” Meanwhile, the CMD of UNIMEDTHC dismissed the misconception that the state hospital which was converted to the Teaching Hospital would no longer treat basic and minor health cases, saying it still attended to those minor cases and attracted specialists who offered greater expertise. He disclosed that medical school had improved tremendously, noting that “We were able to gather at least 20 post graduate accreditations across all various departments and with this, we will be graduating our medical students in record time. “On the healthcare service delivery, we have improved on surgical, spinal, neurology services that we didn’t have on ground before. These services are now on ground, solving the problem of our patients.”