Governor Simon Lalong of Plateau has called on Nigerians to support and pray for the military to enable them to end insurgency, banditry, and other forms of insecurity that have bedeviled the nation. Lalong made the call shortly after he layed a wreath in commemoration of the 2021 Armed Forces Remembrance Day on Friday in Jos. According to the governor, the military personnel are doing their very best to secure the the territorial integrity of the nation against external aggression as well as internal insurrection. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said instead of condemning the military, Nigerians should rather support and encourage them with prayers to enable them to succeed in the task of securing lives and property. “Today, we are gathered here to remember our fallen heroes. This is also a time for us to encourage our soldiers who are still in service. Enugu Extends Yellow Fever Vaccination To 3 LGs, Targets Additional 710,149 Residents COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of March – ACDC, NIMR, Researchers “Instead of condemning them, we should support and pray for them to succeed in ending insurgency, banditry and other forms of insecurity in our nation. “They are either our parents, children, friends, brothers or sisters. So we have to support them with our prayers,” he said. The governor thanked the military for supporting his government toward ensuring that lasting peace returned to Plateau. Speaking at event, retired Col. Sati Yilwat, the Chairman of the Nigerian Legion in Plateau, urged government’s support for families of the country’s fallen heroes and those retired and still living. “I want to urge government to look into the welfare of families of fallen heroes. They are often left languishing in hunger and abject poverty. “In other parts of the world, special welfare packages are arranged for such category of persons, but here, there is nothing of such,” he lamented. He called on government to support widows and widowers of fallen heroes with soft loans to enable them to engage in businesses that would sustain them.