Comrade (Prince) Williams Akporeha, President, National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG), in this interview with Sylvester Enoghase, says despite the onslaught of pandemic dimension which COVID-19 exerted on the labour sector of the economy that the leadership of NUPENG was able to come up with new set of agenda and targets in the overall interest of members, and exuded confidence that the Union has being able to weather the storm despite the pandemic. Excerpts: Despite the onslaught which COVID-19 pandemic unleashed on various sectors of the economy, can you tell us how the leadership of NUPENG managed the situation to get to the laudable position the union is today? To be precise, the oil and gas sector was equally affected by the pandemic like as it did to other sectors of the economy just as you rightly noted in your question. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Be that as it may, we were able to manage the situation as you can see through successes recorded in year 2020. It is instructive to note that in the course of the year, the Union began the construction of an historic new National Secretariat”, NUPENG Towers”. Ondo Workers Poised To Protest Alleged Planned Service Extension Of Accountant General We Urge Govt To Pay Debt Owed Construction Companies – Egbugara Despite the challenges posed by the deadly pandemic, COVID-19, which torn the social fabric of the economy, and in that vein caused massive unemployment and even hunger, exacerbating inequalities, raised havoc and threatened institutions of good governance, caused destruction in the livelihoods of people among other heart breaking challenges, I can say we were able to weather the storm, and record successes that can in this parley be said to be enviable. Similarly, the Union also implemented new strain of policy direction and discipline among our members in both formal and informal sectors, set new agenda and targets and equally took many radical and tough decisions in the overall interest of our hardworking members and to date these very well thought out decisions have been yielding many positive and desirable results. Given your response, it is obvious the Union achieved much in year 2020. Can you throw light to factors behind the successes recorded? I think it is expedient to say in this context that the successes recorded in year 2020 that is globally perceived to be a difficult year could not have been possible if commendable supports were not extended to the Union. To this end, permit me to use this opportunity to express our gratitude to all members of our Union for their loyalty and commitment to the ever continuing struggles for the protection of rights, privileges and improvements in the working conditions of every one of us. Let me also say that the leadership of the Union also expresses its profound appreciation to Managements, Government Ministries/ Agencies/Parastatals and Oil and Gas Stakeholders who extended their supports and stood by us in achieving various purposeful milestones and feats in year 2020, despite the scary challenges occasioned by COVID-19. As they say, to whom much is given, much is expected. What assurance does the leadership of NUPENG has for all its supporters in year 2020? On behalf of other members of the leadership, we pledge our commitment not to renege in deepening our gains as a rebranded Union and focus more in applying social dialogue and best practices in dealing with industrial issues whenever they come up. NUPENG shall continue to count on the goodwill, support and cooperation of all players in the Nigeria’s Oil and Gas value chain this year as we strive to consolidate on the gains of 2020 and tackle fresh challenges. I am also using the opportunity provided through this parley to admonish our government to proactively rededicate itself to the complete and total implementation of the national reforms; not just in the petroleum industry sector alone, but in other sectors such that Nigeria at large could be better for it in this New Year. You were in the last quarter of last year reported in the media to have urged the Federal Government to consider subsidising the cost of conversion of petrol cars to autogas to avoid piling more misery on the masses. What is it about the advocacy? Thank you for that salient question. As you can see, the cost of converting a car from petrol usage to autogas is put at around N400, 000. With the low minimum wage, in the face soaring rate of inflation which has made life more unbearable for the common man, it is obvious that the conversion of a car from petrol usage to autogas, which is put at around N400, 000.would surely be a herculean task. We know that a worker that earns N30, 000 and using a jalopy will not be able to afford N400, 000 to convert a car. So, obviously, labour might urge the Federal Government to offer some form of subsidy for the conversion of cars to autogas. Is the Union thinking of putting the issue on the table at the ongoing Federal Government and labour negotiation? Definitely, the issue will be raised during further negotiations with the Federal Government as it is a salient issue. Not only will we be putting the issue on the table for discussion with the government, the need to extend the convert-able cars downwards from the 2010 manufacturing date will be part of the issues that would be put on the table at the ongoing Federal Government and labour negotiation. In as much as I would not want to pre-empt the issues before oncoming meetings, it is expedient to say that so far, the government has tried to put some things in place which we expected to have been put in place before now. It would be recalled that the Federal Government last year inaugurated 5,000 barrels of crude oil capacity modular refinery. Now, we are seeing this gas programme again. We need to get to the table first where we will be able to analyse all what the government has done so far. I must say that this is not enough to bring down the prices of petroleum products. The government needs to do more by providing more of these types of outlets nationwide and as speedily as possible. There is this School of thought that holds the view that there is increasing debt under Buhari Government, what is your take? To my view, the various debts incurred by the President Muhammadu Buhari-led Federal Government have not improved public good in the last five years. You may have thoughtfully asked, “Why is it so?” The answer cannot be farfetched as most borrowings by Nigeria have been used to finance consumption rather than production. We are largely borrowing to consume. Our hospitals are not being re-tooled with first class facilities. Public schools are still an eyesore to basic decency. Our road network still does not support a 21st Century economy. Apart from renewed vigor in the rail system, the rest of our transportation infrastructure belies our developmental aspirations. So, what exactly are we doing with our loans? We, therefore, urged the Federal Government to do more towards the resuscitation of the economy, and equally urged the government to eschew borrowing for consumption.