FELIX IGBEKOYI; VINCENT ANOLU OWERRI – A new Presi­dent-General of Ohanaeze Ndig­bo, the apex Igbo socio-cultural organisa­tion, who will pilot the af­fairs of the organisation for the next four years has emerged. He is Professor George Obiozor, a former Nige­rian Ambassador to the United States, Israel and Cyprus, who was elected on Sunday. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Obiozor polled a total of 304 votes to win his closest rival, Dr. Valentine Oparaocha who polled 15 votes. For him to emerge, three of the contestants, Prof. Chukwunyere Nwae­bo, Prof. Goddy Uwazurui­ke and Uju Sergius Okoro, stepped down for Prof. George Obiozor before voting started. Don’t Borrow From N895bn Unclaimed Dividends, Dormant Accounts, SERAP Tells FG Banks To Rationalise Staff, Branches As Costs Mount Other states that vot­ed were Abia, Anambra, Delta, Ebonyi, Enugu, Imo and Rivers while other voters were drawn from accredited affiliate groups and Igbo groups in the diaspora. The election followed a motion moved by Prof. A. B. C. Nwosu and seconded by Senator Ben Obi, after dissolving the Chief John Nnia Nwodo led executive of Ohanaeze Ndigbo. Prof. Gary Igariwey, former Chairman of Ohanaeze and Chairman of the Electoral Commit­tee, said they resolved to adopt an open process in the form of Option A4 to promote transparen­cy and credibility of the election process. The Electoral Commit­tee, however, announced that eight contestants picked the nomination form and three of the contestants did not re­turn their forms namely Prof. Chidi Osuagwu, Dr. Chris Asoluka and Dr. Joe Nworgu. Considering that three aspirants earlier stepped down, only two contes­tants participated in the race, Prof. George Obio­zor and Dr. Valentine Oparaocha, after which Chief Sam Ohuabunwa was then invited to mod­erate the election while voting was done by the approved states starting with Abia State. Commenting on the election, Hon. Ambrose Obioha, leader of an af­filiate group, Igbo Peoples Alliance for Development (IPAD), said the standard of the election and the quality of the new Pres­ident-General are clearly indicative of the fact that Ndigbo are now ready to re-write the wrong narra­tives about the region and reclaim their place in the scheme of things. “Ndigbo has again raised the bar with this flawless election process. We are confident that giv­en the sterling character and professional depth of Prof. Obiozor, he will fur­ther our aspirations as a people and push the fron­tiers of Igbo advocacy be­yond where his predeces­sors took it,” he assured.