Manchester United defender Timothy Fosu-Mensah is reportedly closing in on a January transfer to Bundesliga outfit Bayer Leverkusen. According to a report from the Manchester Evening News, Manchester United ace Timothy Fosu-Mensah is on the verge of completing a transfer to Bundesliga giants Bayer Leverkusen in the ongoing transfer window. Fosu-Mensah joined the Manchester United youth ranks in 2014 from Dutch heavyweights Ajax. The versatile midfielder made his first-team debut in February 2016 under then-manager Louis van Gaal. But, the 23-year-old has struggled to carve out a place for himself in the side since. Having spent over six years at the club, the 23-year-old he has made just 30 senior appearances. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Fosu-Mensah had loan stints away at Crystal Palace and Fulham in the 2017/18 and 2018/19 seasons, respectively. Having returned to Manchester United in 2019, the defender spent the majority of the 2019/20 campaign out on the sidelines with injury, before making a handful of appearances towards the end of the season. With Diogo Dalot being loaned out to AC Milan in the summer, it seemed like Ole Gunnar Solskjaer would be using Fosu-Mensah as the cover for first-choice right-back Aaron Wan-Bissaka. However, that has not been the case, with the Netherlands international featuring just three times in all competitions so far this term. Ex-AGF Adoke Tests Positive For COVID-19 Your Strike Action Baseless, Unjustifiable, Oyo Education Commissioner Tells Ibadan Poly Management Instead, the likes of Axel Tuanzebe, Brandon Williams and even Victor Lindelof has been used at right-back when required ahead of Fosu-Mensah. With the former Ajax ace entering the final six months of his contract with Manchester United, the club put forth a new deal that would extend his stay at the club till 2024. However, Fosu-Mensah rejected the contract offer made by the Red Devils, following which Solskjaer confirmed last week that the 23-year-old will be leaving the club either this month or at the end of the season on a free transfer. And, it seems like the Dutchman is bound for the exit doors imminently. The report states that Fosu-Mensah was being pursued by a number of German clubs as well as boyhood club Ajax. And while the player himself was understood to be seeking a return to the Netherlands, a move to Bayer Leverkusen is now said to be on the verge of completion. The Bundesliga outfit, who were also said to be looking at the possibility of signing Brandon Williams on loan, will be shelling out a nominal transfer fee of £1.5 million to Manchester United for the signing of Fosu-Mensah.