“However good a Constitution may be, it is sure to turn out bad because those who are called upon to work it happen to be a bad lot. However bad a Constitution may be, it may turn out to be good if those who are called to work it happen to be a good lot. – Dr. BR Ambedkar (1949). In our everyday parlance we often hear the expression “the letter and spirit of the law” used to evaluate human activities which, though on their surface conform with the law, are in reality and in their practical effects, contrary to the intention of the law; an ethical appraisal distinguishing between good faith and farcical adjudications. While the challenge of navigating between the “spirit” and the “letter” of the Constitution is more visible within the judicial arena, it also extends, in equal measures, to the other branches of government. The Executive, for example, may have the constitutional prerogative to “hire and fire” but it cannot just do so without paying due regards to things like federal character, constitutional standards and political balance without running afoul of the “spirit” of the Constitution. In fact, the Constitution offers important incentives for this “inclusiveness prescription”, namely, “the need to promote national unity and also to command national loyalty” (Section 14 (3) or pay heavy political or acceptability price in consequence. In the same vein, the Legislature may have the exclusive powers to make laws but it cannot make laws that violate the core principles (the spirit) of the Constitution such as federalism, separation of powers, due process, etc. without risking a nullifying Judicial Review. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! This has led some analysts of the relationship between the “letter” and the “spirit” of the law to see it as “an idiomatic antithesis”, suggesting that the adoption of one necessarily excludes the other as exemplified in the biblical Sermon on the Mount (Matthew 5:20-44). While it is true that the Constitution is written, it has always been my take that before the text of any law is drawn up, there is usually an intrinsic goal which it must achieve. In other words, there is no written text without an underlining purpose or “spirit” and, in the immortal words of William Hard, “The Constitution has a body and a spirit”. The “body” of the Constitution can be amended as it is often the case, but those amendments do not normally affect the spirit which is much deep-rooted. Judging from the experiences of the United States which inaugurated the idea of a written document being supreme, interpreting a constitution is necessarily a historical process reflecting the bitter “Letter” versus “Spirit” debates during its drafting. At inception, “The Federalists focused on the “spirit”. In contrast, the Democratic-Republicans, favored a limited federal government advocated for the strictest interpretation of the Constitution to the effect that the federal government was granted only those powers enumerated in the Constitution, i.e., a “limited government” as against those of the federating states with “residual powers”; they represented the Originalist or “Letter” school. Averting The Impending Famine 2023: The PDP’s Obvious Challenge But when pragmatists like John Marshall, CJ, eventually came on board to judicially operationalise the new US Constitution, they found out that some of those Convention days’ contentions would not hold much in reality without the necessity to rationally articulate the notion of “Supremacy of the Constitution” as a logical consequence of a man-made document that is intended to guide the new nation and its government of co-equal branches in perpetuity as well as the construction of the notion of “Necessary and Implied” powers which became inevitable in the face of several acute lacunae in the experimental document if they must effectuate the onerous duties textually allocated to the Government, otherwise, the novel Constitutional Republic was doomed. If Marshall CJ, has stuck to the rigid letters of the Constitution, the ingenuity of federalism (McCullough v Maryland) and the mechanics of the daily inter-play of powers between the centre and the various states of the Union would have been lost to the world and the important notion of a supreme constitution (Marbury v Madison) would never have come into being, an idea to which Nigeria and many other countries inherited because the text of the US-Constitution did not expressly provide for “Supremacy” as it is understood today. It was a judicial invention. What that means is that whenever confronted with a strange constitutional question, an enlightened courts should seek to discover what exactly the original text says or intends and proceed further to interrogate why was it so written, i.e., what did the framers have in mind, irrespective of what they actually wrote down! Mechanically, some say lazily, interpreting the Constitution may be consistent with Textualism and its larger school of Originalism but may not lead to the proper and purposeful construction of the document because interpretation is not the same thing as construction. According to Justice Thomas M. Cooley, “Interpretation differs from Construction in that the former “is the act of finding out the true sense of any form of words; that is, the sense which their author intended to convey; and of enabling others to derive from them the same idea which the author intended to convey. Construction, on the other hand, is the drawing of conclusions . . . which are in the spirit, though not in the letter of the text”. ***The proper approach is to combine the interpretative with the constructive if we are to arrive at the point where the spirit and the letter of the constitutional document would lead us to the “justice of the occasion”.*** A judge in private commercial cases may not have as much leeway to go outside of the text which clearly stipulates “conditions precedent” agreed to by the parties unlike the situation with constitutional disputes where contending parties are only seeking to discover what the framers intended within the plain text of the document or how the meaning of the expression has changed over time. The Constitution is not just a legal document, it is also an ideological and aspirational Covenant with the ability to continually evolve from generations to generations, a feature which elevates it into the hallowed realm of a “Living Document”. The challenge has always been how to identify that “original purpose” which is practically an interpretative (judicial) task. In this regard, the Preamble could be useful in divining what the Volksgeist the “People’s Spirit” (as per Savigny), dictated to the framers; a determination of what the fundamental philosophies of the State are; its sovereign characteristics and, in our case, as are contained in Section 2 proclaiming a Federal Republican State whose motto is: Unity, Peace and Progress. While exercising their oracular powers to interpret the Constitution, courts must strive to understand the Basic Principles upon which the Nigerian State is established (as in Lakanmi’s case) and the legislative purposes as Lord Denning advised in Seaford Court Estates Ltd v Asher [1949], a judge should ask himself the question: “If the makers of the Act had themselves come across this ruck in the texture of it, how would they have straightened it out? He must then do as they would have done… iron out the creases” with a view to arriving at substantive justice instead of technical justice. Nothing stops Nigerian courts from enquiring into the “spirit” and philosophical origins of the “letter” they functionally interpret in order to avoid those incongruous conclusions that we painfully witnessed lately in electoral adjudications which are, for all intents and purposes, insidiously gaming the system by exploiting loopholes and legislative ambiguities in favour of political predators thereby undermining Electoral Justice.