Olowu of Kuta, Oba Adekunle Oyelude Makama has appealed to the federal government to pull Nigeria out of the International Criminal Court (ICC) saying that the body has been unfair and negative in its disposition to the country. The monarch who made the remarks while fielding questions from newsmen shortly before the meeting of Osun State Council of Obas lamented the disposition of International Organisation such as Amnesty international and ICC to Nigeria saying that they do not mean well for the country other than fuelling its crisis. “Let the Federal Government of Nigeria pull out of unfavourable treaty. Some countries have pulled out of the ICC. They should stop demoralising our troops. Of what benefits? Let us see how many or when the ICC would prosecute or call for prosecution of those that called for mass protest in America yesterday (Wednesday), to the extent of killing and maiming the people” the monarch lamented. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He also encouraged the Armed Forces particularly the military to remain resolute in the fight against insurgents in the northeast and other parts of Nigeria. According to him, “I m using this opportunity to encourage our security agencies, the military in particular to redouble their efforts and discard all divisive elements that are distracting them. Neither ICC nor Amnesty international would come and help us salvage our country. Fire Service Boss Makes Case For Kebbi Fire Service TCN Records Enhanced All-Time Peak Of 5,552.80MW “We have to appreciate the patriotic force, they have been vindicated. Look at what happened yesterday in the most Advanced Democracy. You see the way CNN reported it! They called them terrorists but people burning houses here (Nigeria), burning courts, killing Police, they called them peaceful protesters. “ICC or Amnesty international have never meant well for us. So, the right thinking Nigerians should look inward and know that these foreign organisations do not mean well for the cooperate existence of this nation”. The traditional ruler saluted the courage and patriotism of the military and expressed optimism that given an enabling condition, the Armed Forces would end insurgency in Nigeria. He said “I m very optimistic, given the enabling environment, Nigeria will surmount the security challenges this year. The Nigerian Army need to be founded more, equipped more. Then the Nigerian Police need to be adequately funded and equipped. So that we can separate the duties and mandate of the police from that of Nigerian Army”. The monarch enjoined the Armed forces to disregard the international organisations and their antics which would only destabilise the country if they are taken serious. “Nigerian Army should discard all subversive elements and face the insurgents squarely. We commend them for keeping the nation one and they can count on our support”. Oba Makama however called on the federal government to equip and fund the security agencies to bolster their performance. “Nigeria Armed forces and the security agencies should be strengthened more this year. “They should look beyond Northeast. All distractions coming from the northeast against our army should stop this year, enough is enough, he concluded.