A seven-member board to oversee the affairs of Ibom Hotel and Golf Resort has been inaugurated with Mr. Udeme Ufot as Chairman. Inaugurating the board on behalf of the State Governor, Udom Emmanuel recently at Government House Uyo, the Secretary to the State Government, Dr Emmanuel Ekuwem, charged members of the board to ensure that the hotel meets the aspirations of the government and people of Akwa Ibom State in terms of optimal performance and revenue generation. He stressed the need for the board to work in synergy with management for optimal productivity of the hotel. He also urged the board members not to attempt to usurp the functions of the management. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Ekuwem expressed confidence that members of the board would bring their wealth of experience to bear in the discharge of their duties by providing effective guidance and leadership to management towards ensuring quality services that will attract patronage and generate revenue for the state. “There could be no better choice of Chairman for the hotel than Udeme Ufot who is a distinguished professional and businessman, recognized nationally and internationally as a marketing communications professional of repute. He brings to the assignment a triple value of passion for the hotel, understanding of the industry and professional marketing savvy. He would also be the perfect bridge between the hotel management and the state government. The governor therefore expects the very best from him,” the SSG stated. MAN’s Salient Views On Nigeria’s Participation In AfCFTA Dangote Group Second Largest Employer Of Labour In Formal Sector After Govt – Prof. Dauda It will be recalled that Icon Hotels and Resorts Nigeria, the Nigerian subsidiary of Icon Hotel Group Africa (IHGA), a pan-African hospitality giant was recently appointed to turn around the fortunes of the hotel. Responding on behalf of the board members, Ufot expressed his appreciation to Governor Emmanuel for the privilege to serve the state, and the confidence reposed in him and the members of the board. He pledged to make the facility the most attractive destination in West Africa for meetings, incentives, conferences and entertainment, stressing that the facility was one of a kind in West Africa.