Claims payment is the hallmark of insurance business. In this report CHRIS EBONG states why insurers should demonstrate value through prompt settlement of claims and provide insurance solutions especially in this crisis period. As the fallout of damages occasioned by the #endSARS crisis are beginning to surface and insurers are collating data regarding claims incurred in the cause of the crisis, it will be up to insurers to prove that they are more than an additional cost in a challenging economy. The onus will be on re/insurers this time to prove to Nigerians and the world they are out to demonstrate their value. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The crisis that emanated from the peaceful protest has been a “catalyst for long-awaited change” in the re/insurance industry in Nigeria. Organisations across every sector are now looking to insurance firms to provide solutions to remedy the financial impact of the crisis and the corona virus pandemic, a development that calls for insurance packages with traditional business interruption policies. CPS: Retirees On Programmed Withdrawal Receive N693.87bn As Total Withdrawal Hits N1.2trn Again Insurance Shareholders Move To Scuttle NAICOM’s Recapitalisation Exercise, Obtain Court Interim Order Responding exclusively to the crisis in a chat with Daily Independent, Mr Ben Ujoatuonu, Managing Director, Universal Insurance Plc, noted that the corona virus pandemic and the endSARS crisis created a huge challenge to the industry and left the insurance sector with huge claims to battle with. “So, the year 2020 truly,was not rosy for the industry given what we have faced. For all sectors, the pandemic affected everyone even the aviation industry aircraft could not fly; some of them were asking for return premium for the time they were not able to fly, all these affected the insurance industry. Although, the Universal Insurance boss did not give the estimated figure of claims emanated from the endSARS crisis since the documentation was still ongoing, he said “from all indications you would see that the damages were huge and you do not need to be told that the claims that are going to emanate from there would be large. It is going to run into billions of naira.” In the same vein, Mrs Yinka Adekoya, Managing Director, Coronation Insurance Plc said: “At this time, Coronation Insurance would like to reassure our clients and the general public that, following the recent monumental loss of human life and damage to property and assets across the nation, we have shifted to our highest gear to get our customers the most appropriate help as quickly as possible at this time of need. “We believe that insurance companies must ensure their clients do not have to wait for assistance after a disaster occurs by proactively collating information of damage and losses as well as responding to claims with speed and precision. “We are well aware that our customers are dealing with numerous difficulties at this time and the last thing they want is a painful and challenging claims process. “We want our customers to return to their normal way of life as soon as possible and have put in place a claims response platform for real-time communication and easy sharing of loss evidence to fast-track claims processing. Mr. Babatunde Fajemirokun, the Managing Director/CEO, stated that the riots have had tremendous effect on individuals and businesses, both small and large. “The losses incurred in terms of human lives and assets are enormous. Our thoughts and prayers are with those who have been affected in one way or another. “I assure you that as a Company; we are doing all that is necessary to see our customers through this phase. We are asking our customers with covered cases to contact us for immediate assistance with claims”. Headded:“Theyear2020and all we have experienced as a nation are tailwinds, propelling us forwardandhelpingustoevolve. Indeed, the injection of new imagination, energy and innovativethinkingintoour national discourse will take us there.” The Company’s claims profile over the years provides insights into its unwavering commitment to claims settlement and benefits payment. In his response, Mr Babatunde Thomas, Managing Director, Legacy Insurance Brokers Limited predicts that the fear of new endSARS and the hydra called COVID -19 will drive companies to buying protection, adding that the hydra called COVID-19 is still out there; this may lead to increase in demand for life and health insurance. Analysts believe that this year will likely see increasing investments in digital and data technology across the re/insurance industry as businesses look to remove significant cost and reduce time-consuming manual work. And with more people working from home, there could be increasing demand from remote workers, self-employed people and entrepreneurs for insurance products that address the risks of their new working environments.