Do we really need to dwell on this issue of Club Licensing and Nigerian football again having dealt with it last week? Yes, because it’s worth spending some valuable time on since the issue cannot be exhausted in a column. Before going ahead we need to remind ourselves what is the issue that I’ve been highlighting for decades which remains unresolved. It’s the ownership structure of the Nigeria Professional Football League clubs. To the uninitiated, majority of the clubs taking part in the league-18 out of the 20 clubs-belong to various state governors. The ownership structure is the singular problem that has held Nigerian football down for decades. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Without mincing words, not until the ownership structure is reversed, the development of the league will remain a mirage, for the simple reason that the clubs are not professionally managed. The clubs in the Nigeria contest are regarded and managed as parastatal of the government. A parastatal is an organisation or industry, having some political authority and serving the state indirectly. In other words, they are state-owned organisation, especially in Africa, Nigeria in particular. The truth is that the Nigeria Football Federation and the League Management Company are lame ducks. They lack the political will to confront the governors. How can they confront the governors, when majority of them got elected into the board with the assistance of the governors? It means they want to bite the fingers that fed them. How is that possible? You now understand the dilemma facing managers of the league. Maryam Babangida (November 1948-December 2009) The First Of Our First Ladies With Coronavirus On My Mind, l Bid Bye Bye To 2020 The Club Licensing at the instance of the Sports Minister, Sunday Dare, if implemented to the later will help solve majority of the problems be-deviling the league. Since the NFF and the LMC are lame ducks, mustering the political will to ensure full implementation of the Club Licensing by clubs is the problem because the so called ‘Club Owners’, who, in truth, are not Club Owners but parasites, who feed fat on the club, will lose their strangle hold on the free and unaccounted funds from the government. I mean funds that are at their beck and call. Funds that can be dispensed without recourse to any authority. The situation is a sad one when one considers what the country looses by just refusing to do the needful. Government failure to appreciate that football is a multi-billion dollar business that has the capacity to not only reduce unemployment in the country, but, to a great extent, reduce youth restiveness, and all forms of crime, if truly developed, makes it worrisome at government lackadaisical attitude towards developing this very important sector. No doubt, if the country’s football is well developed, it will provide gainful employment, not disguised unemployment as the case is presently with the football clubs. Aside the above, the country stands to gain huge and free media blitz from a well-developed sports, nay football. Can anyone quantify what the country gained when her anthem was sung at the Atlanta Olympics during the presentation of the football gold medal won by the Dream Team? Or when the country-Super Eagles- is playing at the World Cup or the Africa Cup of Nations? The whole world is glued to their television sets watching Nigeria. At that instance no remembers the country from a negative perspective but positively United. If the country had developed its football, I can state unequivocally that the country would not have experienced the level of terrorism ravaging the North Eastern part of the country. This is because the businessmen who invested their funds will do everything to protect their investment. But what do we have, an idle mind that has become the devils workshop is what is at play. Failure to develop Nigerian football is beginning to manifest on daily basis. Only during the week, Enyimba, Nigeria’s only remaining club in the money-spinning CAF Champions League, crashed out ignominiously, and losing to Al Merriekh for the second year running. It is when a club qualify for the group stage that it starts to win. But we are not embarrassed as a country that out of the 16 clubs that reached the group stage no Nigerian club made it for the second year in a row. The reason is the unprofessional way Nigerian clubs are managed. Players’ welfare is next to nothing. Many of the players are not on contract, not to talk of insuring them. Unfortunately, without players, there is no football. Yet it is this most important aspect of the game that is treated as nothing. To buttress the above, while Plateau United reduced players’ salaries by half just because they lost their league opening game, Al Merriekh motivated their players with promise of $250,000 should they eliminate Enyimba from the Champions League. This is not part of salaries or travelling allowances, but just a means of motivating them. Let’s remind ourselves that this promise was by the president of the club. Of the 16 clubs that qualified for the group stage of the CAF Champions League during the week, none of the club is own by government. They are all privately owned. As long as the ownership structure of football clubs in the country is not reversed, we will continue to suffer such loses. It’s unfortunate, but that’s is the truth.