LAGOS  – Attaining financial independence depends on your mindset towards money, which may be positive or negative. There are several individuals with good monthly package, but still find it difficult to live within their earnings due to reckless money habits. Since the current economic situation is really unfavourable, proper financial planning is imperative to cope with your financial obligations and to avoid stress. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! But do you know that to surmount financial stress, the way you handle money especially on a daily basis determines how far you can achieve your financial set goal for the year? Your inability to have a good grasp of your money can cause you financial heartache especially when you find it hard to track your expenses. Why It Is Crucial To Review Your 2020 Budget Strategies To Secure Your Financial Future Besides, you may likely remain perpetually broke and have no option but to embrace debt as a way of life for the purpose of survival. What Are Habits? Habits are regular desires that we have that are hard to let go and it can make or ruin. But then, if you have habits that can wreck your financial life, it is better you try as much as possible to break it for your own good. Embrace the good ones and throw away the bad ones that will ruin your financial future or set goals. With bad money habits, reaching your financial set goals, if any, may not be possible particularly if you cannot control your spending yearning. But if you are careful and prudent in your spending, you can create wealth and experience financial freedom. If you really desire financial independence, you must be ready to let go of the following bad money habits: Reckless Spending When your expenses are more than your earnings, you are bound to be perpetually insolvent especially if you do not have a weekly or monthly budgetary plan. Besides, you are left with no choice than to depend on credit for your survival and that of your family. Mind you, the credit comes with interest which eventually tricks you into debts. The antidote for this is either you cut your spending or try as much as possible to make extra-money to enable you live a debt-free lifestyle. Depending On Credit Relying on credit to pay some of your bills must be avoided because it is exorbitant and it is a trap if not used rightly. If you desire to build wealth and experience financial freedom, it is vital you stop relying on credit to make purchases. Avoid using credit to cover basic things such as food, rent and undemanding purchases to encourage savings. Although you might need to rely on credit facilities for a big project such as property investment, but with great precaution and planning. No Emergency Fund Failure to prepare for an emergency fund is a bad habit. If there is one thing you can count on or not evade is an emergency, which could be in the form of accident, loss of job or sickness and is bound to occur at any time. That is why, there is need to set aside certain amount of money in a separate account for emergencies so as not to run helter skelter for financial support when it happens. Again, if you do not want to be caught off guard financially in emergencies, step up your savings. Late Payment Of Bills Forming a habit of paying your bills late especially when you have the money is bad. Paying your bills late at times could be unfavourable especially when it attracts sanctions or extra fees. Try as much as possible to ensure that your bills are timely paid and if you are the kind of person who takes delight in delaying payments of bills, why not think of registering in auto-pay. There is need to be financially organised if you actually want to overcome the habit of paying your bills late. Never Stick To Budget Failure to adhere to your budget, if any, will do you no good financially because it is the strongest tool in getting control of your finances. It also assists you to determine how much to spend on different categories and keep track of your expenses. The truth is that unless you fix and follow limits, you can always spend more than what you earn. To avoid such, you need to take control of your finances and the key is your budget. Lack of spending plan or budget will leave you perpetually broke such that living within your earnings becomes a major challenge. Be determined to give up the habit of not adhering to your budget to give room for savings. Failure To Set Financial Goals There is no way you will experience financial freedom when you fail to set financial goals for the future. Mind you, setting financial goals is a good thing but determination to achieve such set goals is better, enabling you to stand tall financially. If you are the type that finds it difficult to save, believing that ‘tomorrow will take care of itself ’, you need to change your mindset and start saving for the future now to avoid financial regrets later. It is good to enjoy life now but be certain to save for the future and diligently work towards your set goals for that is when life will be more enjoyable. Failure To Take Charge Of Your Career If you find yourself doing an energy sapping job that you hate, or not being able to find a job at all, you need do is to take responsibility and take charge of your career. Although, it might appear creepy to go down a new path, start a side business and put in your best for it to succeed. Besides, you are the only one that can take charge of your career; nobody will do it for you. Taking charge of your career and negotiating your salary is a sure way to boost your income but failure to do this will cost your lifetime regrets. Tightfisted With Money When you are exceptionally tight-fisted to the extent of being afraid to spend money on important needs or things, especially when you have it, could be disastrous. You need to change your mind set about how you control your money. Yet, it is good to have full control of your money but failure to take care of yourself and family all in the name of saving could ruin your reputation. So, if you have been hoarding money to the point of unhappiness, it is high time you broke such habit by loosening up yourself a bit and enjoying the money you have toiled for.