A group, Association of Ohordua Sons and Daughters (AOSAD), has commended the Edo State Governor, Mr. Godwin Obaseki for appointing one of their own, Hon. Justice Williams Idemudia Aziegbemhin, as a judge of the Edo State High Court. The group, who are of Ohordua Community in Esan South East Local Government Area of Edo State, described the appointment of one of their sons as a great honour to them, considering that it will be the first time the community will be producing a High Court Judge to sit on the state’s judiciary. According to the group in a release signed by its President, Barr. Patrick Ibomhen and Secretary, Mr. Frederick Idehenre, the appointment of Justice Aziegbemhin into the state’s judiciary is a great encouragement to the teeming youths of the agrarian community, noting that it will further strengthen their resolve to be better citizens, knowing that with diligence and focus, they can achieve their lives’ desires. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! While also commending the National Judicial Council (NJC), for finding Aziegbemhin worthy of their recommendation for the exalted position, AOSAD said with the actions of the NJC which looks at qualification and due process in whatever they do, it goes a long way in rekindling the hope of the younger generation that there is hope for the nation. AOSAD said, “This appointment is very well deserved, we are grateful that the governor could find one of our own worthy of this appointment, we are also grateful to the National Judicial Council (NJC), that they found him worthy of recommendation for such exalted position. Fayemi’s Aide After My Life – Lere Olayinka BREAKING: Kano State Government Insist Schools Resumes Tomorrow “We are happy, because this will be a big encouragement to the youths of our community, local government and state, he is a good reference point and our young ones will know that with diligence and focus you can become what you desire.” Recall that the National Judicial Council (NJC), at its 93rd meeting on 16th December, 2020 held virtually, considered the list of candidates interviewed and presented by its Interview Committee. At the end of deliberation, the Council recommended 69 successful candidates to Mr. President (in the case of Kadis of the FCT Sharia Court of Appeal) and the various State Governors (in the case of other State Judicial Officers and Heads of Court) for the appointment. For Edo State, the NJC recommended eight Justices of the State High Court, including i) Aziegbemhin Williams Idemudia, ii) Igho Patricia Braimoh, iii) Esohe Irene Bazuaye, iv) Etinosa Gloria Adekanmbi, vi) Hassana Garuba Oshione, vii) Theresa Irenonsen Eghe-Abe, viii) Ogbevoen Rachel Aiteseme, ix) Itsueli Mary Enoredia. Until his appointment and swearing in today, Justice Aziegbemhin was the Registrar of the State High Court.