ABUJA- The Minister of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), Malam Muhammad Musa Bello has said that the Special Public works Programme of the Federal Government will see to the engagement of 774,000 Nigerians across all the Local Government Areas in the federation. Thus, according to him, will have a direct positive impact on the development of communities across the country. Bello made this known during the flag off ceremony of the programme for Adamawa State at Ribadu Square, Yola, on Tuesday. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The minister in a statement made available to newsmen in Abuja by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr Anthony Ogunleye stated that, the programme in which 21,000 young men and women from the 21 local government areas of the State will be constructively engaged for 3 months, is intended to mitigate the negative socio-economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Minister also revealed that the beneficiaries of the programme will be engaged in the provision of services critical to the rehabilitation and maintenance of public and social infrastructure in communities across state, while adding that the initiative demonstrated quite clearly the efforts and determination of the Administration of President Muhammadu Buhari to identify with, and protect the most vulnerable members of the society. Lawan Reveals How People In, Outside Nigeria Frustrating Passage Of PIB Senate Will Not Betray Nigerians, Lawan Insists Speaking further Bello Said, “The successful implementation of this programme and other social investment programmes such as the N.Power and Conditional Cash Transfer shows clearly that Mr President cares very much about the ordinary Nigerian and is willing to go to great lengths to ensure their welfare and wellbeing” He, however, called on the beneficiaries to therefore justify their inclusion by being diligent and dedicated in the discharge of their duties while commending the National Directorate of employment and the Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment for initiating the programme. The FCT Minister also commended the Adamawa State Governor for his support of Federal Government Projects in the State. His words , “I wish to publicly and sincerely thank his Excellency, the Executive Governor of Adamawa State for being receptive to all Federal Government projects in the State. He has been a supporter of all the programmes of Mr President that are meant to provide the needed support to our teeming population”. At the event were the Deputy Governor of Adamawa State, Chief Crowther Seth, who represented the Executive the Governor, Secretary to the State Government, Mallam, Ahmed Bashir, the Chief of Staff to the Governor, Prof. Maxwell Gidado and the Galadima Adamawa Alh Mustapha Aminu, Who represented the Lamido of Adamawa. Also present were the Adamawa State Coordinator of the NDE, Mallam Ibrahim Faisal and representative of the Ag Director General of the NDE, Mrs Joyce Nanre, Deputy Director, Women employment Branch.