The slaying of George Nkencho, a Nigerian-born resident in Ireland by men of An Garda Siochana, the Irish police, sparks row and debates on policing philosophy that tends to be high-handed in dealing with suspects of either black or of immigrant status, writes NICHOLAS UWERUNONYE The content of the letter was as crude as the single sheet on which it was written. Torn from a jotter, perhaps, with its jagged edges, its content was loaded with hate, a racial slur. “Glad your scumbag nigger son is dead….You must be so proud of him…. F***k off back to swinging outa trees…,” the letter read in part. But this was just one of the two correspondences that made their way to 15, Manorfield Drive, Clonee, Dublin, Ireland, home of the Nkencho’s, between 5 and 8, January this year from anonymous sources. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The second letter was a scarlet coloured greeting card addressed in Irish but bearing nothing close to felicitation. “Dear Nkencho family, I don’t like you,” it read, short, sharp, in English. For the Nkenchos, these racial hate letters, signposts the new normal in a community they had called home in the last 20 years after what appears to be a senseless slaying of George Nkencho, their 27-year-old son, late last year by Irish police. Dilapidated Roads: Lawmakers Express Anger In Anambra Kaduna ‘Sex Party’: El-Rufai’s Brashness And Police Incompetence George, the young scion of the Nkencho family, until his death by multiple gunshots by Garda Siochana, Irish police, right at his family home and in the presence of his siblings, was described as “sociable,” “talented,” “lovable,” despite battling some challenges after a near fatal car accident in 2015. But the police didn’t in any way think so when they put George down at his home that fateful Wednesday in December. “I don’t know of any world where I don’t have my brother,” Gloria, younger sister of George, now laments many days after the incident, still seeking explanations from the police without any coming. George’s death has sparked protests largely by black immigrants in Dublin. This has been further heightened as a result of what appears to be a deliberate attempt by Irish police authority to suppress the matter. Explaining the family’s anguish in a letter to Garda Siochana Ombudsman Commission (GSOC), a police oversight body in Ireland, Phelim O’Neill, the family lawyer to the Nkenchos, said that his first letter to the commission asking for thorough investigation into the matter had been ignored. “This lack of communication is causing our clients’ a great deal of stress and anxiety,” O’Neill noted in the said letter to GSOC. It all began at midday, Wednesday 20, 2020. Nkencho had gone to do some shopping at EuroSpa, at Hartstown Shopping Centre, some 10 minutes’ walk from his family home at Manorfield Drive. According to reports, Nkencho had engaged the shop attendants in an argument where, as some Irish media claim, he pulled out a knife. Though Nkencho left the shop without any reported case of injury to anyone, the Eurospa management called on Garda Siochana, given that some racial haters have begun threatening the family. “As you are aware members of An Garda Síochána have a duty to provide emergency assistance, and we are unaware at this stage what assistance if any was provided by the members present in the immediate aftermath of the shooting of George Nkencho,” the lawyer said. GSOC merely responded after the letter was dispatched to it. According to the commission, it has completed its house to house enquiries in the location of the incident being investigated. As a result of the enquiries made by it, other significant witnesses have been identified and evidential accounts will be completed, the GSOC said. It also revealed that injuries noted at post mortem examination of George were that it had six shots aimed at the central mass (torso) and of those shots, one went through Georges arm and did not go into his chest. They added that samples taken during the post mortem examination will be subject to forensic analysis and toxicology examination of the samples is currently ongoing. But central to the investigation is establishing the motive of the shooting. Was it to deter the deceased from escalating the matter despite the sister’s urgent call to the police who came chasing down George that her brother was not a danger to her, and that he is ill? Did George actually have a knife on him when the incident went down? The lawyer to the family also believes that Eurospa must provide CCTV of what transpired at the shopping complex to ascertain claims made about George. Standard police in Ireland do not carry guns. This is a reflection of their name, ‘Garda Siochana’, meaning, ‘guardians of peace’. Garda Siochana is the successor policing agency of the former Royal Irish Police, RIP, a colonial relic it was willing to shed as a reflection Irish non- dependence on Britain. But like all conventional policies, Garda Siochana has its armed squads that it calls in tougher armed situations. In the last 10 years, scenarios resulting in use of arms by the Irish police have only been six, according to Saturday INDEPENDENT findings. This is why calling in the armed squad in the case of George Nkencho has been a little bit confounding to observers.