ABUJA – Progressive Governors Fo­rum, consisting of governor’s elected under the banner of the All Progressives Congress (APC) have advocated greater unity among all Nigerians as the nation emerges from bar­rage of vicissitudes, among them insecurity, economic woes and sundry others in the outgone year. Kebbi State governor, Ati­ku Bagudu, in a statement he signed on behalf of the gover­nors, declared unequivocally that the problems facing the country was beyond politics but one that required the united action of all Nigerians to salvage. The opposition party had while reacting to President Mohammadu Buhari’s new year message had described it as uninspiring ,urging patri­ots to come together to salvage what is left of the country. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The PGF as if in agree­ment, however agree that citizens must unite to salvage the country from the myriad of challenges it faced as they are beyond partisan politics. Describing 2020 as the most challenging year of the last century, the PGF observed that the onset of the COVID 19 pandemic have left unsavory consequences both economic, security and other challenges that affected all nations of the world. Crossover Service: Taskforce Scores Churches High On COVID-19 Compliance 2021, Year Of The Valley – Dr. Olukoya The PGF particularly com­mended Nigerians for their resilience, and expressed hope that with the discovery of the vaccine, Nigeria would join the global to plan a post COVID 19 world that benefits all. “The Progressive Gover­nors Forum (PGF) wishes to join all Nigerians to welcome the beginning of 2021. We com­mend the resilience of Nigeri­ans, and indeed humanity all over the world. “The year 2020 was the most challenging year of the last century. People and na­tions across the globe are still struggling with the health pan­demic occasioned by Covid-19. “The discovery of vaccine at the end of 2020 is a land­mark progress, which certain­ly bolster hope that human life will return to normal in 2021. “Apart from the difficult health challenges experienced by citizens who got infected by the Covid-19 virus, resulting in unfortunate loss of lives, peri­ods of lockdowns in Nigeria and world over as a result of the pandemic, spanning over a period of close to six months, created a lot of hardships for our citizens. “The adverse economic consequences have created economic recessions for vir­tually all countries.” The PGF particularly hailed the presidential task force for the positive bipar­tisan national response that helped contain the spread of disease. “As Progressive Governors elected on the platform of our party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), we specially recognise the excellent work of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Covid-19. In particu­lar, we hereby appreciate and commend the support of all Nigerians across partisan and all other differences. “Our ability as a nation to control the spread of the virus is no doubt the result of the dili­gent work of the PTF under the leadership of the Secretary to Government of the Federation, Mr. Boss Mustapha, and the support of all Nigerians. We appeal to all Nigerians to con­tinue to support every initiative of the Federal Government in order to bring a permanent clo­sure to this world pandemic.” SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION