LAGOS  – The Nigerian Aviation Handling Company (NAHCO) Plc said it received N70 million out of the N5 billion given to aviation companies and airlines by the Federal Ministry of Aviation. The company also said that it was ready to access any government’s financial supports for the industry once the term and conditions are good for the company. Mrs. Olatokunbo Fagbemi, the Group Managing Director, NAHCO, while speaking with journalists over the weekend at the company’s headquarters at the Murtala Muhammed Airport (MMA), Lagos, said that the sum was part of the bailout for the industry by the Federal Government. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Though, she said that the company lost much more revenues during the peak of the pandemic, but lauded the Federal Government for the gesture. She said: “We have been given a bailout by the government. I think it’s about N70 million, but if you look at how much is lost, it’s not much. However, anything that is given is something. It is better to have something than to have nothing. We are thanking the ministry and the Federal Government, Central Bank of Nigeria and the Minister of Finance. Border Closure Boost N12.5bn Seizures, Prevented 1,401 Irregular Migrants – Ali, Customs GC Skills Acquisition Critical To Unemployment Reduction –Ikpeazu “Be that as it may, we will continue to do everything and work within our business environment to ensure that we as an organisation optimise our revenue and that is what we will continue to do. We hope that our clients will continue to support us.” Recalled that DAILY INDEPENDENT had published last week how scheduled, non-scheduled, ground handling companies, catering services, travel agencies, aviation fuel marketers and airport cab operators shared the sum of N5 billion as palliative by the Federal Government. A document sighted by our correspondent had revealed that some government agencies like the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria (FAAN), the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA) and the Nigerian Civil Aviation Agency (NCAA) got 5 per cent from the intervention fund meant to some of the organisations that benefitted from the government largesse. The document indicated that the entire scheduled operators like Arik Air, Air Peace, Aero, Max Air, Azman, Overland Airways, Med-View and Dana Air got N3 billion from the palliative. Also, the non-scheduled operators received N1 billion, while ground handling companies; the Nigerian Aviation Handling Company (NAHCo) Plc, the Nigerian Skyway Aviation Handling (SAHCO) Plc and Precision Aviation Handling Company (PAHCO), all got N233,333,333.33. The National Association of Nigerian Travel Agencies (NANTA) also received the sum of N196,000,000.00 , Aviation Fuel Marketers; N233,333,333.33, while Airport Car Hire Association of Nigeria (ACHAN) received the sum of N100,000,000.00. The total amount of money shared among the beneficiaries was N4,995,999,999.99. On the another N500 billion window provided to business organisations by the Federal Government, Fagbemi emphasized that the company would be willing to access the funds once the terms and conditions are good for the company.