Following recent restoration of Borno Plastic Company by Governor Babagana Umara Zulum, the National Agricultural Land Development Authority (NALDA), has placed order for production of two million pieces of plastic sacks, mostly for 50kg capacity. NALDA’s Executive Secretary, Prince Paul Ikonne announced the partnership in Maiduguri when he led directors to pay courtesy call on Governor Zulum. “We have seen what you (Zulum) are doing, we have seen your factories and I want to inform you that in one of your factories, the sack manufacturing factory, NALDA is placing an order for 2 million sacks for packaging purposes in nationwide food program in which Borno has been selected as one of the pilot states. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Mr. Ikonne also assured that NALDA will continue to patronize products from Borno’s Plastic Company to promote local content. The NALDA boss also informed Governor Zulum that his visit was on President Buhari’s directive with mandate to reactivate all of NALDA’s farm estates abandoned in different parts of Nigeria. Foundation Wants More Support For Widows Democrats Poised To Control US Senate, Giving Biden Upper Hand Ikonne announced that Borno and one other state have been chosen as pilot states where 2,040 young people will be engaged into fish farming in Borno alone. He noted that the 2,040 young farmers will be trained and properly equipped on fish processing and packaging under the National Young Farmers Scheme flagged up by the President, back in November last year. Zulum lauds Shettima for agro ‘war chest’ Governor Babagana Umara Zulum has paid tribute to his predecessor, Senator Kashim Shettima for his bold vision and heavy investment in the acquisition of capital intensive agricultural machinery which makes Borno one of the most agriculturally equipped in Nigeria. Zulum spoke in response to comment by the E.S of NALDA, Mr Ikonne, who expressed shock with the volume of agro equipment in Borno’s possession. “On that agricultural equipment you mentioned, frankly the credit goes to my predecessor, His Excellency, Kashim Shettima for his vision and making such a huge investment in shopping a variety of agro equipment from all parts of the world. The governor at that time, set up an agric transformation committee, to which I was a member and we travelled together to China, Turkey, India, Pakistan, United States identifying equipment, negotiating them directly, and buying them. Today, Borno has an incredible volume of far-reaching agricultural equipment which include different factories for production agricultural equipment, for food processing and net houses among others” Zulum recalled that several of the equipment could not be used because of the insurgency that restricted access to farmlands particularly in the rural areas. Zulum however assured the NALDA boss of Borno’s determination to put all equipment to maximum use in safe farmlands. The governor thanked the NALDA boss for his visit and for his interest in supporting ongoing agricultural restoration efforts in Borno. Zulum called on NALDA to accord special priority of internally displaced persons in the selection of young farmers to be trained and equipped on food processing, promising that Borno government will work hand in hand with NALDA towards successful execution of all interventions for the benefit of citizens.