The Management of Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) has raised a New Year alarm, calling on all agencies of the Federal Government and all stakeholders to join its debt recovery drive to guide against the huge opportunity cost of not recovering its huge total current exposure of N4.4trillion. This colossal outstanding going by the 2021 budget estimate rivals the entire budget of the 36 states of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. N4.4trillion, which is owed AMCON, is bigger than the entire 2021 capital expenditure budget of the Federal Government of Nigeria, which stands at N3.85trillion. It is also bigger than the N3.12trillion for total foreign debt service for 2021 and personnel cost of N3.7trillion. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Of this figure, the government agency further disclosed that its 350 obligors alone account for a whopping N3.6trillion, which is 82% of the outstanding exposure of N4.4trillion, which if recovered would be enough to complete the revival of the moribund Ajaokuta Steel Company and construction of many more of such projects. “The development of the iron and steel sector as well as the electricity sector is essential ingredients to industrialisation in any country and the debt owed AMCON can do a lot in improving electricity generation and distribution as well as revival of the challenged iron and steel sector”, it said. WhatsApp Remains Strong In Nigeria Despite Updated Privacy Policy Textile Material Smugglers Responsible For Dearth of Textile Industries- President, Cotton Ginners Association Similarly, AMCON added that the huge debt if recovered would be enough to capitalise over 2million Micro Businesses with N2million cash injection each or 200,000 Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) with N20million per SME, which would create over 10million jobs in the country. By so doing, the agency said thousands of unemployed youths who are involved with all sorts of violent crimes would be engaged positively. With all these facts and its negative effect to the economy, the Corporation explained that it would not be fair to allow this crop of obligors that have collectively destroyed the commonwealth of Nigerians escape justice, which is why it is calling on all sister agencies to support the recovery drive. AMCON assured that it is determined to recover these debts because the money belongs to Nigerian taxpayers. Mr Joshua Ikioda, the Group Head of AMCON Enforcement presented in Abuja, made these startling revelations in a paper which was titled “Overview of AMCON from Cradle to Date and the Implication of the Bad Debt to the Nigerian Economy.” He made the presentation at the just concluded 2-day training of Federal High Court Legal Assistants and Court Registrars in Abuja. The event was declared open by Hon. Justice Inyang Ekwo of the Federal High Court, Abuja, and attended by Dr Eberechukwu Uneze and Mr Aminu Ismail both Executive Directors of AMCON as well as Hon. Justice Nkeonye Evelyn Maha also of the Federal High Court. Mr Ahmed Kuru, AMCON MD/ CEO in his keynote address at the beginning of the training, which ended at the weekend, said AMCON cannot over flog the important role the Judiciary in national development and as such remains vital to the success of AMCON. Kuru, who was represented by Dr Uneze said: “We are just a government recovery agency saddled with the responsibility of purchasing non-performing loans from Banks and ensuring it is paid back using the instrumentality of the law. Unfortunately, it did not turn out to be that easy, through the instrumentality of the courts as we encountered a lot of challenges. “The obligors get wiser by the day, deliberately causing orchestrated legal delays knowing that AMCON has a sunset date. The Act was amended in 2015 to address some of the encountered challenges, again obligors got wiser, hence necessitating another amendment in 2019 all with the single objective of recovering the loans bought from banks in order to settle our debt without recourse to taxpayers money, this outstanding exposure is not a small amount of money. “…Due to the limited lifespan of AMCON, there is a need for a speedy and simplified litigation process. The reason is clear: AMCON is a special purpose vehicle for the recovery of ‘toxic’ debts. The debts are so bad that the government had to purchase them to prevent a collapse of the economy. “AMCON’s mandate is therefore, to recover these debts for our common survival to be guaranteed. The rationale behind the AMCON regime is therefore to quickly recover the bad debts within a legal framework that ensures speed without compromising fair hearing.”