As the second wave of COVID-19 infection rages globally, there have been reports regarding possible existence of new variants of the dreaded virus in Nigeria. More worrisome, however, is that the new variants of the virus in Nigeria are said to be likely more contagious and therefore pose greater danger to public health. A Virologist, Sunday Omilabu, who is the Director of Centre for Human and Zoonotic Virology at the Lagos University College of Medicine and Teaching Hospital noted that the new variant of COVID-19 in Nigeria “is very contagious as one person can spread the disease to four or five people” at a rate of transmission higher than what was previously the case. Africa Regional Director of World Health Organisation (WHO), Dr. Matshidiso Moeti, expressed concerns over new COVID-19 variants “with higher speed of transmission or potentially increased pathogenecity” which calls for understanding of “the new mutant virus” to enable appropriate response. Apart from Nigeria, countries in Africa with rising infections of new covid-19 variants are Algeria, Bostwana, Burkina Faso, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Kenya, Namibia, South Africa and Uganda. Amidst the mounting concern over new variants of COVID-19, the prevailing challenge that must be surmounted by most African countries has to do with lack of appropriate human capacity and resources to be deployed for effective responses including capacity for warehousing vaccines to be imported from foreign countries. There are, indeed, more than sufficient reasons to worry about the likely consequences of a more virulent variant of COVID-19 in Nigeria. Response to COVID-19 pandemic has, so far, been lacklustre and at best remains spur-of-the-moment. While emergence of new variant of COVID-19 is bound to pose additional challenge to countries that have already developed vaccines to tackle the first wave of the pandemic, the depth of the challenge for Nigeria is, to put it squarely, profound and daunting. The dilemma therefore for a country with population in excess of 200 million is underscored by the fact that required template has not yet been put in place for testing and contact tracing of likely infected persons. It is widely believed that the rate of infections in Nigeria may be significantly higher than the figures so far reported considering that only a fraction of the population is targeted by existing testing capacities across the country. The existing gaps in response measures to the first wave of the pandemic open the country to grave predicament considering that vaccines may not be readily available for use in the country soonest. What this suggests therefore is that availability of improved vaccines to deal with new variants may pose bigger challenge in the foreseeable future in the absence of serious efforts to develop and produce vaccines locally. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! It is also matter of grave concern that a sizable portion of Nigerian society still possible doubt the existence of COVID-19 in spite of the number of deaths that has been attributed to complications arising from COVID-19 infection. It is therefore imperative to increase the tempo of advocacy to correct the negative public perception, denials and myth so as to reduce the intensity of potential infections that may surge with the new variant of COVID-19. Unfortunately, adherence to COVID-19 protocols even amongst public officials across the country has not been encouraging since the relaxation in the last quarter of 2020 of the nationwide lockdown to curb the spread of the first wave of infection. Nigeria needs to enforce compliance with COVID-19 preventive measures beyond the current skeletal enforcement in public places and worship centres. At the moment, the level of compliance with COVID-19 preventive measures at commercial centres (i.e.) markets and malls as well at social gatherings leaves much to be desire and obviously a clear demonstration of recklessness in the face of the threats pose by new variant of the virus. It is therefore imperative for Nigerian government to urgently reassess response to the second wave of COVID-19 which has already forced some countries in Europe to embark on lockdown. While it might not be feasible to contemplate another lockdown in Nigeria for obvious reasons, enforcement of preventive measures appears to be urgent step that must considered with the view to preventing a surge of infections as socio-economic activities gather momentum in the new year. There is the urgent need to put in place effective measures in place in response to potential threats of the reported new variants of Covid-19 which may overstretch the health facilities in the event of worsening rate of infections. In the meantime, efforts should be intensified to make citizens comply with preventive measures in view of the fact that vaccination appears not to be an immediate option in Nigeria. More important however is that for Nigeria to deploy effective vaccinations to cater for the health of population in excess of over 200 million in the foreseeable future, it would ultimately be desirable to look inward and support local initiative towards the development and manufacturing of vaccines against prevalence of COVID-19 and other future pandemic.