LAGOS – But for the time of late Rashidi Yekini while playing in Europe, Nigerian has not had a forward as prolific as Paul Onuachu, who plays for Genk Football Club of Belgium. In the clubs Rashidi Yekini played for, he distinguished himself with goal scoring feats unprecedent­ed at the time. Rashidi was on goal scoring spree in clubs such as Africa Sports of Cote d’Ivo­ire, Victoria Setubal and Olym­piacos of Greece. Similarly, Onuacho has been a thorn in the flesh of defend­ers in Belgium this season with his goal-scoring prowess for the modest side, Genk. With his 19th goal of the sea­son last week when he grabbed the solitary goal in his club’s 2-1 loss to Kortrijk in the Belgium topflight, the Super Eagles for­ward set a new goals scoring record for himself. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! With that goal, the former Ebedei Academy player sur­passed his previous scoring record of 18 goals in 36 games for Midtjylland during the 2016- 17 Danish Superliga campaign, after 19 league matches this season. Like said, Onuachu improved his scoring record steadily since he tallied six goals in 25 (mostly substitute) appearances for Denmark’s FC Midtjylland in the 2015/2016 season. Gymnastics Instructor Counsels Nigerians On Regular Exercise Main Sponsor Threatens Withdrawal From Ice Hockey World Championship Over Belarus Trusted with 29 starts the following season in Denmark, he scored 18 goals in 36 games; that tally dropped to 10 goals the next season, but he improved to 17 the season after that. It was on the back of those performances that Genk moved for him last season, and the Ni­gerian has repaid them with 19 goals, surpassing his previous season. He remains the highest scor­ing Nigerian player in Europe this season with 19 goals from 19 league matches, and he leads the goalscorers chart in the Bel­gian First Division A. Thus ana­lysts believe the modest Belgian side are second on the log on the strength of Onuachu’s blister­ing form this season. In December, when Onuachu was only on 14 goals, the play­er was among the Europe’s top marksmen, even ditching such stars as Robert Lewandowski, Kylian Mbappe, Zlatan Ibrahi­movic and Jamie Vardy, among others. The same is today as he is one of the top forwards in Europe now. However, those efforts are in contrast to his form with the Super Eagles where he has scored only once in eight games despite being such a consistent performer at club level. Onuachu is a forward who prefers to be served ball be­cause he has height but unlike him, Victor Osimhen is a strik­er with a knack for goals and he sometimes joins the midfield to work the ball upfront. He debuted for the Super Ea­gles when the former African Champions played Seychelles in an African Cup of Nations qual­ifier at the Samuel Ogbemudia in Benin City on March 22, 2019. In that match that saw Odi­on Ighalo, Henry Onyekuru and Moses Simon grabbing the goals in Nigeria’s 3-1 win, the Genk forward replaced Oghenekaro Etebo in the 65th minute. According to analysts, Onua­chu was not on the field a long time enough to be fully judged. In his second match against the Pharaohs of Egypt at the same venue on March 26, 2019, Onuachu was thrown into the fray from the start and he scored what has remained Super Ea­gles fastest goal, hitting the net in less than sixty seconds. The goal later decided the game as Nigeria ran out winners in that friendly match. The goal has re­mained Onuachu’s only strike for the Nigeria till date. Playing other games like against Cameroon and Guinea without goals, Onuachu was to lead the Super Eagles attack against the African Champions, Algeria, on October 30 2020 in a match played at Venue Jacques Lemans Arena in Austria, and he fired blank and was not even credited with a single shot on goal. In the next friendly match against Tunisia at the same venue, the Genk forward was not used and those defending the player readily tell that Onu­achu will hardly play the entire game for the Super Eagles since his debut. In five out of his eight caps for Nigeria thus far, Onuachu played less than 25 minutes per match with 2 of these matches seeing him play a combined 7 minutes (2 minutes against Guinea and 5 minutes against Cameroon). In fact, Onuachu has never had the fortune of playing a whole 90 minutes for Nigeria in any of his nine caps. But even at that, the player has continued to come under criticism over his non-goal scoring for Nigeria. For exam­ple, in the game against Algeria in Austria, Onuachu was on the field for the greater number of minutes but failed to register one shot on target, which made fans to question his inclusion in the first place. He is not a one-dimensional striker despite his towering, frame, with games at club level having shown that he has dain­ty footwork, passable hold-up and link-up play, and occasion­ally drops deep to pick up the ball with the ability to also drift wide to set up teammates. He can hit a rasping volley — as he showed against Egypt in Asaba — with the same ease as he can turn in a tap in, and his positional sense in and around the box is just as good as any. But he really excels at Genk with his aerial strength; he has scored most of his goals with his head — no surprise consid­ering he stands at 200 cm (6’7″) — but he has not been able to bring all of that to bear for Nigeria. He has struggled with his technique and positioning. In other Super Eagles games after his debut, and then he did not seem to get much in the way of supply in the friendly match against Algeria and unlike at club level; in fact, the Super Ea­gles crossed more balls in the second game against Tunisia (against whom he did not fea­ture) than in the first against Algeria, leading to suggestions that perhaps the team should play more to his strengths. But be that as it may, Ike Sho­runmu, former Super Eagles goalkeeper, urged Coach Gernot Rohr to devise a means of using the player in order to get max­imum performance from him. Shorunmu noted that it was left for the coach to know the kind of players that would suit Onuachu’s pattern and deploy them whenever he decides to use the player as the frontman. “If you watch, Onuachu scores most of his goals with head and that means he needs good wingers that will be locat­ing him with the balls. “The coach should look at this because the player in question is not a bad one. Belgium league is a big league and scoring with ease there means something is lacking in the way he is used here,” Shorunmu submitted. But to Victor Ikpeba, another former Super Eagles forward, the Super Eagles must have to play to accommodate his pat­tern. The former African Footbal­ler of the Year said Rohr and the entire Nigerians must be patient with the player. “It is not easy to come into the national team and make an impact,” Ikpeba said. “Even Yekini did not make an immediate impact. “There was not serving him the ball well,” Ikpeba. “When you have that kind of striker, you have to give him the ball. Our wide players are not crossing the ball; they always want to dribble, and come in­side. “They need to get used to him and keep trying to find him, and they need to cross the ball more to him.” But to Rohr, it is Onuachu that must play to adapt to the Super Eagles pattern. “The team doesn’t have to adapt the game to one player. He has to adapt to the collective. “We have our football: We try to find each other with short passes and find the wingers, playing quickly, switching from one side to the other, and he has to integrate with his qualities and to adapt to this. “We will not change our game only for him, and make long kicks in the air. We will play football. But it can happen un­der pressing; we can give long ball to him. He has to adapt. “We play on the ground — we do not want to play all the time in the air — but our wingers can give good crosses.” Ikpeba urges patience, chal­lenging the coach to keep invit­ing him, noting that as a good player, Onuachu’s goals would surely start raining soon. “As far as Onuachu is part of the squad, they should keep in­viting him. It is always difficult getting the same scoring form from your club to the national team. “But he is a good player and we have already seen it. And he is a goal scorer. When the goals will come they will start com­ing, but it won’t come if others don’t help him. “If the coaches believe in him and what he can bring to the team, and they give him more opportunity, he can come good.” Speaking on the issue, Odion Ighalo, said that he understood the pressure that comes with wearing national team’s num­ber nine jersey but urged Onu­achu to work hard to justify his inclusion in the Super Eagles. “Onuachu is a good player; he’s strong in the air and very physical as well. He should be confident and bring that focus he has at club level. “The pressure that comes with the national team is in­tense. “Playing as the Number 9 in the Super Eagles is a huge weight. I understand that re­sponsibility he (Onuachu) just needs to work hard for the team.” In lending his voice, former Super Eagles defender, Ifeanyi Udeze, challenged Onuachu to make good use of his height. “Onuachu is a good player, he has the height of Nwankwo Kanu and Victor Agali. “He scores with his head and leg but mostly he like to score with his head. So with the form he has in his club he should bring it to the national team because we want to see him score goals. “We’ve seen him play but we don’t see the goals as expected from him (with the Eagles). This time if he gets the opportunity I pray he uses it well. And will he use it well, he should tell his Super Eagles teammates how he want to be served. “He should practice it in training and tell them how he likes it when inside the box so that they will serve him. “If he doesn’t tell them they won’t serve him well, he needs to score goals because he is a striker. So I pray when he gets the opportunity he should use it well.”