ABUJA   – Latest report by the Africa Energy Chamber indicates that there may be no significant projects expected to be approved or come online in Nigeria oil sector this year due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the subsequent global crude oil demand drop and crude price crash that came with it. According to the report titled Africa Energy Outlook 2021 and recently published, many high profile projects like the Shell-operated Bonga North and Bonga Southwest–Aparo deepwater developments, and the Eni-operated Etan–Zabazaba project, also in deepwater, are now expected to be delayed further as such investment intensive projects have come on the chopping block, and also as IOCs and operators across the world are now focused on cutting down investments and delaying projects with a high breakeven oil price. The 2021 outlook of the Africa Energy Chamber details all of the major challenges facing African oil and gas stakeholders, as well as workable solutions that will keep the industry on a strong and stable growth path. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! NJ Ayuk, the Executive Chairman African Energy Chamber, publishers of the report, while commenting on the report, said Africa’s oil and gas industry is facing extraordinary circumstances from an ongoing energy transition and new efforts to decarbonize the world are weighing on oil demand, the shale revolution and of course, the COVID-19 pandemic has wrought havoc on markets around the world. According to him, external headwinds are forcing African petroleum producers to re-examine their strategies. How Multiple Taxation, Herdsmen Onslaughts Undermine Agribusiness — Stakeholders Local Assembly Of Geely Brands To Boost Nigeria’s Economy – Mikano Motors “Restrictive fiscal regimes, inefficient and carbon-intensive production, and difficulties in doing business are preventing the industry from reaching its full potential. “As companies delay projects and cut costs, planned capital expenditure in 2020-2021 has fallen from $90 billion pre-COVID-19, to $60 billion now”, Ayuk said. He noted that to remain competitive, African producers and governments must adapt. “But how can they do it when the economic order is being remade?” he asks. “We believe the short-term outlook will improve if countries apply more competitive fiscal regimes. Emissions can be reduced by curbing flaring and monetizing gas, improving and future-proofing the carbon profile of African petroleum production. “Developing gas-to-power infrastructure will increase access to affordable energy for all sectors of the economy, offering massive knock-on benefits and making it easier to do business. “Reducing lead times to limit risk premiums put on long cycle projects will further bolster the industry’s viability and growth prospects. It will not be easy, but these reforms are necessary,” Ayuk suggested. “Again and again, our oil and gas sector has proven its resilience and adaptability. The world still needs oil and gas, and Africa still holds enormous untapped potential,” he added. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION