ABEOKUTA – Abiodun Abudu Balogun, Ogun State Commissioner for Environment, is enmeshed in an alleged rape and ritual scandal, as a 16-year student of Victory Model College, Abigi, Ogun Waterside Local Government of the state, Me­lojuekun Barakat Mayowa, has accused him of rape and ritual attempt. Melojuekun, in an 8.26 minutes video clip further alleged that the commis­sioner wanted to use her for ritual as he allegedly recited incantation and attempted touching her head. Melojuekun, in the clip, alleged that she met the former House of Represen­tatives member on Tuesday, December 29, 2020, at Ibi-Ade motorcycle park, where they held a conversation on her way to the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) office for her Na­tional Identification Number (NIN) registration. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The 16-year-old student al­leged that the commissioner sent someone named Seun to collect her telephone num­ber, which she refused, but directed the person to meet her uncle, Mr. Lasisi, for her number. She further alleged that her number was later ob­tained from one of her col­leagues by one Mr. Austin. Nigeria Places 100 COVID-19 Violators On Six Months Travel Ban Scores Killed In Borno Military Airstrikes She said Austin later called her to see him after the NIN registration, but that she could not see him because she had an urgent matter to attend to at home. She alleged that her uncle, Mr. Lasisi, later approached her grandparents where he (Lasisi) agreed to take her to Abudu-Balogun’s house as a computer operator. She alleged that she was taken to the commissioner’s house by a lady after which Austin later came and ush­ered her into one of the rooms in the house. Melojuekun further al­leged that Abudu-Balogun came in into the room, locked the door and put the key inside his pocket imme­diately after Austin left the room, alleging that the En­vironment Commissioner fondled with her breasts and recited an incantation before she was let off after raising the alarm. Meanwhile, the police in Ogun State had commenced investigation into the allega­tion as an invitation was ex­tended to the commissioner to appear at Ibi Ade Police headquarters for interroga­tion. A copy of the invitation sighted by Sunday INDE­PENDENT was dated Jan­uary 1, 2021, while the com­missioner was expected to appear same day. A further inquiry by Sunday INDEPENDENT revealed that the case had been transferred to the Area Commander of Ogbere, ACP Makinde Kayode, for a thor­ough investigation. The police source told our correspondent that Abudu-Balogun had earlier ignored a police verbal invi­tation, which prompted the Force to send and invitation letter. The source said: “Yes, he was called on phone to re­port. It was after his refusal that invitation letter was sent to him. But, presently, the matter is with the Area Commander.” The commissioner has, however, denied the allega­tion. He said: “My attention has been drawn to a purported video circulating on social media of a girl alleging that I attempted to sexually ha­rass her. Let it be noted that in my entire life and political career, I have assisted many youth to secure jobs. Some are working with me in my different businesses. “On this said day, the girl was brought to my house by one of my loyalists, who is her uncle, to assist her get a job as a computer operator at the ICT Centre I facilitated while I was serving as a member of House of Representa­tives years back, which has been moribund, but I am about to reha­bilitate in order to empower more youths in our local government. “I met her at my sitting room for few minutes where many of my loyalists are, people that came to visit me for the New Year. I chatted with the lady for few minutes and as part of my usual ges­ture, I gave her some amount of money for her transpor­tation. “A day after, I was in­formed by some people that I have been alleged to have attempted to sexually harass the girl and I should invite the family for a meeting so as to settle the matter amicably. “It was after my refusal to yield to their threats that they went ahead to make a teleguided video leading the lady on what to say to implicate me. This is purely a political blackmail by my adversaries. Let me state emphatically that I never at­tempted to sexually harass anyone.” However, the girl has im­plored meaningful Nigerians to help institute a charge against the commissioner in a law court. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION