In quick successions, the hurdles against the demutualization exercise of the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) are collapsing and the dream of 19 years is almost becoming a reality. The last hurdle however is a final approval expected from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which persons close to the deal said may happen anytime from now. Bamidele Famoofo writes. Barring any further delay from the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), regulators of the capital market in Nigeria, the dream of floating a demutualised Exchange in Africa’s biggest economy will be achieved anytime this year. All other hurdles have been taken care of by the Committee which is responsible for the demutualization task. The most recent steps taken by the Committee to achieve the 19 years old dream was the inauguration of the Claims Review Panel on December 21, 2020, pursuant to the provisions of the Demutualisation of The Nigerian Stock Exchange Act 2018 (the “Act”). ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The Claims Panel According to a statement from the existing structure (NSE), the Claims Review Panel, serves as an independent alternative dispute resolution mechanism for the review and determination of Claims made by individuals or entities in respect of any assertion of rights in the shares of the demutualised Exchange i.e. Nigerian Exchange Group Plc (“HoldCo”). The Panel will sit in an appellate capacity and review Claims from Claimants’ who are dissatisfied with any decision of the National Council of The Exchange on a Claim pre-demutualization, or the Board of Directors of the HoldCo, post demutualisation of The Exchange. How Telecoms Contributed N2.272trn To GDP Last Year – NCC FG Partners Japanese Agency With Farm Inputs To Boost Rice Production As part of the demutualisation process, The Exchange (which is currently a company limited by guarantee) would be converted into and re-registered as a public company limited by shares. Consequently, current Members of The Exchange will be allocated shares in the HoldCo. The securities exchange license of the current Exchange would be transferred to Nigerian Exchange Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the HoldCo, which would carry on the securities exchange business. Another wholly-owned subsidiary, NGX Regulation Limited, would be licensed by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), to carry out regulatory services. The Claims Panel whose members the Exchange said are distinguished individuals with the required expertise and extensive track records of integrity, excellence, and achievements in their respective fields of specialisation, are expected to do justice to the allotment of shares to members of the emerging entity.  The Panel headed Mr. George Etomi as Chairman, has other four members which are: Mr. Seni Adio, Mr. Abatcha Bulama, Dr. Paul Anababa and Prince Aghatise Erediauwa. The Task The total share capital of the Exchange  is  N1, 250,000,000 (One Billion Two Hundred and Fifty Million Naira) comprising 2,500,000,000 (Two Billion and Five Hundred Million) ordinary shares of 50 kobo each will be registered with the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC), while   1,964,115,918 (One Billion, Nine Hundred and Sixty-Four Million, One Hundred and Fifteen Thousand, Nine Hundred and Eighteen) ordinary shares will be allotted to dealing members and ordinary members on the basis of a ratio of 78:22, respectively. Part of the agreement for demutualisation is that the provision of claims review shares amounting to 40,083,999 (Forty Million, Eighty-Three Thousand, Nine Hundred and Ninety-Nine) ordinary shares, representing 2 percent of the issued shares of NEG, will be set aside for allotment to parties who are adjudged as being entitled to shares in the demutualised Exchange.  Also, there would be a transfer of the assets of NSE Consult Limited, NSE Nominees Limited and Coral Properties Limited – existing subsidiaries of The NSE – to the Nigerian Exchange Group Plc. Otunba Abimbola Ogunbanjo, President, The Nigerian Stock Exchange, speaking at the Panel’s inauguration, said he “expected members of the Panel to discharge their responsibilities without any fear or favour in an objective and dispassionate manner, being guided by principles of fair hearing, equity and natural justice”.  He was however optimistic that the Panel would diligently carry out its functions and responsibilities under the Act and that each member would bring to bear their respective experience and expertise to enrich deliberations and decisions. Another milestone achieved in the process of demutualising the Exchange was announcement of Chief Executives for the emerging entities.  The Chief Executives are to head its operating and non-operating companies upon the completion of its ongoing demutualisation.  Mr. Oscar Onyema, currently Chief Executive Officer, NSE, will become the Group Chief Executive Officer of the emerging Nigerian Exchange Group Plc. Temi Popoola (CFA), is the Chief Executive Officer (designate) of the Nigerian Exchange Limited while Tinuade Awe will head NGX Regulation Limited as Chief Executive Officer.  The appointments are subject to the approval of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under the demutualisation plan, a new non-operating holding company, the Nigerian Exchange Group plc (NGX Group) has been created. The Group will have three operating subsidiaries – Nigerian Exchange Limited (NGX), the operating exchange; NGX Regulation Limited (NGX REGCO), the independent regulatory arm; and NGX Real Estate Limited (NGX RELCO), the real estate company – forming the group. All the entities have been duly registered at the Corporate Affairs Commission (“CAC”). Actors Behind The Deal Otunba Ogunbanjo, speaking at the Extraordinary General Meeting leading to the demutualisation exercise last year March,   said, “I feel elated, that, 19 years after initiating the process to demutualize and on the 60th anniversary of the Exchange, we are close to achieving the goal.” Ogunbanjo was particularly happy because he was able to realize his dream of demutualising the NSE, which he said was his priority on assumption of office as president and chairman of council.  “The successful demutualization of the Exchange was one of my main objectives when I assumed the Presidency of the Exchange and I am particularly happy it has been achieved during the life time of one of its founding fathers, Pa Akintola Williams.” He however acknowledged that making the dream come true was not what he could achieve alone.  His words: “In telling the story of how we have achieved this milestone, we recognize the efforts of several actors involved in this project – including the management and staff of The Exchange, our members, professional advisers, the Federal Government of Nigeria, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and other capital market stakeholders – without whom it could not have become a reality.” Expressing his views after the twin meetings that finally birthed the demutualised Exchange, Chief Executive Officer, NSE, Mr. Oscar Onyema, said, “Today’s meetings move the demutualization process significantly forward and the positive outcomes affirm the great interest from members to support the pivotal restructuring of the exchange to become globally competitive. In furtherance of our plans, we will move to file the necessary resolutions from the COM and all other required documents at the CAC and SEC, obtain the Court Order sanctioning of the Scheme, complete all necessary registrations and seek the final approval from the SEC to ultimately demutualise.” Also commenting on the successful deal on demutualisation of the NSE, former Director General of NSE, Prof. Ndi Okereke-Oyiuke, said she was satisfied with the outcome, noting that demutualisation was good for the whole Nigerians. She explained: “Though we started it, it did not happen; but we have been following through to ensure it happens. It is good not only for stockbrokers and investors, but for the whole Nigerians. It is good to have a demutualised exchange in Nigeria. “I feel that people have come to understand what the stock exchange really means. With this demutualisation, a lot of people will come into the exchange since we have already gone through the process of teaching Nigerians how to be shareholders in quoted companies,” she enthused. Benefits Of Demutualisation Speaking on the benefits of demutualising the Exchange, Prof. Okereke-Onyiuke, said the exchange can attract further highly experienced staff as well as foreign investors, foreign stockbroking firms and foreign direct investment. “With this demutualisation, anybody in any part of the world can have access, the exchange will have a lot of money to execute high level plans that they have and people that will invest in the exchange will also make money,” she said. “It is the best thing that will happen to the Nigerian economy. It will definitely move the country forward because it is the engine room of the economy and now more people will be interested in investing in the stock exchange, they will bring in their money and it will be in Nigerian economy. It is just few people that will cash in and cash out but majority, 95% of people that invest will keep their money here,” she added.