Akure- Civil servants in Ondo State have concluded plans to shut down the state if the Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu-led administration extends the tenure of service of the Accountant General of the state, Mr. Laolu Akindolie. Akindolie, who has spent five years in the office, was rumoured to have been penciled down for extension of service with the state Head of Service, Dare Aragbaye, allegedly pushing for the extension. Currently, some permanent secretaries and directors in the Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) have anonymously kicked against the move, alleging the HoS of abusing the privilege he enjoyed when Governor Akeredolu extended his stay in office as he’s allegedly lobbying for the Accountant General’s extension in office. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Akindolie, who is due to retire on January 16, 2021, may enjoy service extension like Aragbaiye and the Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Works, Taiwo Ojo. But civil servants are calling for an end to service extension with a view to putting an end to what they described as undue red-tapism, bureaucracy and malfeasance, which is currently affecting operations of the state government. Job Creation: NUMW Urges FG To Complete, Make Operational ASCO, NIOMCO Retaining Staff Should Be Employers’ Palliatives To Workers – Olasanoye Among allegations levelled against Akindolie by some of the aggrieved permanent secretaries include high-handedness and mischievous efforts to frustrate the MDAs. They alleged that they usually begged the accountant general before paying after obtaining approval from the governor or the HoS. Akindolie was alleged of planning to install a Level 15 officer as successor instead of a Director of Account at the Ministry of Natural Resources. According to one of them, “The extension of service of the Accountant General will be a clog in the wheel of progress of this administration. If he is retained beyond January 16, 2021, it will not augur well for the system. “He ignores calls from his colleagues and warrant after necessary approvals have been given for payment. His extension will do more damage to the system. We have endured him enough as AG for five years.” Another stated that “We have managed his high level of arrogance long enough, Mr. Governor should pick among qualified accountants who are within the system as a new Accountant General. “The implication of retaining Akindolie means every officer below him will be forced to wait until he completes his tenure. If Mr. Governor believes in the civil services and wants to consolidate on his success, he should let him go. “It will be one extension too many for the system. We, as permanent secretaries, want the governor to consider our plea. We need a man who is more emotionally balanced than to endure Akindolie for another year.” In his reaction, the Accountant General dismissed the allegations, saying he had written his handing over note. He said: “I have already done my handing over note, lobbying is not my style. I didn’t lobby to become Accountant General talk less of extension. My personal belongings are no longer in the office, civil service is all about retirement. Extension of service is not in my own language.” Commenting on the protest of OSOPADEC workers and petition filed against him and subsequent invitation to Nigeria Police Force Criminal Investigation and Intelligent Department, Alagbon, Lagos, Akindolie said: “It is Ondo State Government that is owing OSOPADEC not me. The government is aware of it, people can write petition and I went to Alagbon. “I explained the situation to them. It is an allegation, which I was able to prove. The governor knows and called and said it was the state government that is owing, not me.” The Accountant General, however, ascribed the current financial constraints in the state to COVID-19 pandemic and dwindling revenue.