 The malcomines Polo team of Jos has emerged champion of the 2020 Jos annual International Polo tournament. The week long tournament was held at General Hassan Usman Katsina Polo field Jos between 26th December 2020 to 2nd January 2021. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! To lift the prestigious Governor’s cup at the just concluded 2020, Jos international Polo tournament,Malco mines Polo players outclassed the visiting Keffi Pony’s, six goals to four in a tournament played at the General Hassan Usman Katsina Polo field, Jos, Plateau state. The Plateau state Governor, Simon Bako Lalong, who is the Grand patron of Jos Polo club, in his remarks at the closing ceremony of the weeklong Polo tournament, sponsored by NASCO Group Nigeria, promised to upgrade the facilities at the Polo ground to an international standard that will compete favourably with other ones in the country. NIN- SIM Integration: Minister Directs Suspension Of NIMC Staff Over Extortion Train Accident Kills 3 In Central Tanzania The Polo Jos annual Polo tournament this year, attracted over 32 teams, including players from England, Argentina and South Africa who featured in the action packed tournament to the admiration of Polo enthusiasts within the country and beyond. The Jos malcomines team top handicap players totally +14, against Keffi pony’s with+12. The five chukkas play, which lasted for thirty five minutes, saw Hamisu Buba in his characteristics display , spearheaded the onslaught, alongside, Alejo Aramburu, murtala Aliyu, murtala Laushi to overwhelm the visiting Keffi pony’s, which also paraded top class players, like, Hon. Ahmad wadada, Abdulmalik Badamasi, Santiago marambio, and Aliyu Tijani. Governor Lalong promisedas patron of the Jos Polo Club, develop the facilities at Jos field for the game of polo in Plateau State and also encourage grass-roots participation particularly among the younger generation for the growth of the game. “As a Government, we are determined to consolidate on this positive development by supporting sporting events particularly polo which has a long and rich tradition in Plateau State. “This is because apart from bringing together polo enthusiasts to enjoy the game, hosting a tournament such as this promotes tourism, economic prosperity and opens up Plateau State to the world. “We are committed to consolidating on the peace of our State and also ensuring that we create economic opportunities for our people. ” Considering the realities of COVID-19 and the impact of the Economic Recession, my administration is more than ever determined to maximize all the advantages that sports provide for business opportunities. ” While I commend all participants, I wish to congratulate the winners of various prize categories of the tournament. For those who are not taking home prizes, you are also winners as this tournament would not have been successful without your participation. ” Drawing from the experiences of this tournament, let us all go back and prepare to stage a more robust event at the end of the year. We in the Jos Polo Club will ensure that we prepare vigorously to contend and emerge victorious. Jos Monarch, his Majesty, DA Jacob Gyang Buba, the Gbong-Gwom Jos Gwom, the life Chairman, Jos Polo club, and seven emirs of Keffi, Nassarawa, Gombe, Bauchi, Lafia, Wase and Kanamgraced the closing ceremony of Jos Polo tournament. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION