LAFIA – No fewer than one person was killed while 20 other travellers were on Monday said to have been kidnapped by unknown gunmen along Mungi Sharp Corner Buga Gwari, Gadabuke/ Toto Road. An eyewitness told DAILY INDEPENDENT said that during the incident, the former Education Secretary Nasarawa LG, Mallam Salihu, who was travelling to Toto from Nasarawa, was reportedly killed. The Secretary of Gadabuke emirate council Abdullahi Baba, who confirmed the incident said the gunmen in their numbers came out from the bush and attacked the vehicles plying the road and went away with passengers in the commercial vehicles to the bush. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The Education Secretary who was also traveling alongside his friend in a private vehicle were also taken away with others but his dead body was later found in a nearby bush. However the Public Relations Officer Ramhan Nansel ASP who confirmed the incident said no passengers was reported kidnapped Police Deploy 1,250 Men To Boost Community Policing In Lagos Oyo Govt. Gives Roadside Traders 7 Days To Vacate According to PPRO,” Around 13:50 hours we received an information that a vehicle was abandoned at Buga Gwari in Gadabuke of Toto Local Government Area. “We send our men to the scene and they recovered a Rover Salon Car with Registration Number NTT 265AA and two mobile phones were discovered inside the vehicle but the whereabouts of the occupants were not known so somebody now recognized the vehicle that it belongs to his brother who left Nasarawa for Gadabuke this morning as at yesterday so the vehicle was kept in the station. Nansel also said Commissioners of Police has directed the DPO Toto LGA to mobilize his personnel to start combing the bushes. He further explained that when Anti-kidnapping and Police mobile force, were mobilized and some hunters and vigilantes to also assist them in the search this morning they recovered the corpse of one person but the investigation is still on.