LAGOS  – There is no one on the planet earth that does not desire financial independence. But obtaining it is an arduous task which entails financial discipline, proper planning, self-determination and financial prudence. Financial freedom is something several people look forward to achieve in future and what they do especially at the beginning of a New Year is to set financial goals, which may be short or long term. Setting financial goals is a good thing, but there are certain things or structures that must be put in place to achieve such goals without which your dream may not materialise. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Agreed, that reaching financial set goals in this dire and hard times may not be feasible for many people especially if they are going through financial stress. But there is always a ‘way if there is a will.’ Besides, financial wellbeing is more than just being debt-free; it is about having the liberty to make options financially or otherwise, based on what your heart desires. Strategies To Secure Your Financial Future How To Resist Temptation Of Impulse Buying This Christmas If you actually desire financial freedom and you do not know how to get started, the under listed tips if strictly adhered to will help you: Budget Budgeting is critical, but often ignored by many people because they do not believe in it. Do you know that without a budget there is no way you can track your money and make headway financially if you constantly spend more than what you earn? Failure to adjust your lifestyle may lead to financial trouble and this can only be surmounted by creating a realistic budget. The best way to make sure you are not spending more than your earnings is to plan your spending ahead of time, which is what a budget is all about. Besides, it lays out all your operating cost and defines how much you can afford to allocate for each outflow. If you are spending more than what you have, a budget will spot it to enable you to make some adjustments. Set Goals There are two categories of financial goals, immediate and long term. The Immediate goal focuses on spending your money today, while the long-term goal deals with saving and spending over the years. Both, however, are significant as they complement each other. Besides, saving money affects what you spend now and how much you will have later in life. In setting your goals, you need to determine which goals address necessities and which ones cover luxuries so that you can prioritise your financial goals accordingly. Pay Yourself First If you want to experience financial freedom, then pay yourself first to avoid difficulty in saving money. “Pay yourself first “simply means putting a specific amount of money in your savings account before paying anything else, such as bills. And the act of paying yourself first has helped numerous people move stealthily to achieving financial freedom. By paying yourself first, you are investing in yourself but doing the opposite means you will only get whatever is left over, which generally may not be significant to help you experience financial independence. You can pay yourself first in other ways too. For example, if your company has a retirement savings programme, you can ask to have money withdrawn for your retirement. That way you are investing in yourself and your future first. Pay Off Debts One of the best things you can do for your personal finance is to pay off your debt as soon as you can because whether you like it or not, debt weighs one down and makes it almost impossible to reach financial independence. It is expedient for you to pay off your debts if you desire financial peace of mind. One way to speed up your debt re-payment is to increase your income. Be Frugal Living a prudent lifestyle is the best way to experience financial breakthrough or freedom. The easiest way to accomplish such is to control your expenses, keeping track of money that goes out and comes in. Being frugal is a vital key, to attain financial set goals as several people have no inkling what their monthly expenses are. If you are just beginning on this journey to financial independence, it is crucial to track your monthly expenses and in doing so, if you discover your expenses are on the high side particularly when compared with your monthly take-home, there is need to bring it down to accommodate savings. It is also essential to track your expenses so that you can measure your progress toward financial independence. Living a frugal lifestyle does not imply you have to be inexpensive, it just means you need to save and invest a large percentage of your income. Plan For Future Life is full of ups and downs and we cannot always be prepared for the emotional or physical challenges life throws at us. But we can make sure we have a financial safety net to fall back on to avoid financial harassment. And one way to begin planning for the future is to save for emergencies by setting aside certain amount of money in a dedicated account. Mind you, emergencies can occur anytime; it could be a job loss, illness, accident or expensive home repairs and when the time comes, having enough cash to handle unpleasant situations will save you from financial shame. It is also imperative that you have sufficient insurance coverage, because there is no telling what the future has in store. Increase Your Income It is expedient that you try as much as possible to raise your income via furthering your education, part-time jobs or investment. For many people, a good career is the best way to raise their income. Some professions are principally fit for the financial independence journey as these careers do not take a very long duration, say 10 years of education and the pay upgrades quickly over the first few years. Anyway, each career is dissimilar and it might take education, becoming an expert in a position, working extra-hours, and/or networking with the right people. Your income needs to surpass your expenses so you can save and invest more.