…Adopts Strategies, Logo ABUJA- National Executive members of Igbo Presidency Project 21023, on Monday congratulated the newly elected President-General of Ohaneze Ndi Igbo, for emerging victorious in last Sunday elections. The congratulatory message was contained in a statement jointly signed by Hon. Agbaji Chinedu, National Coordinator, Comrade Shuaib Ahmed, National Secretory, Comrade Ameh Christopher, Organizing Secretary andPrince Ibrahim Babafemi Lapinni, Publicity Secretary. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The group expressed readiness to work with the new President-General of Ohaneze Ndi Igbo, stating that his wealth of experience is what ndi Igbo need to confront the myriads of problems facing the ethnic block. “With the emergency of Ambassador George Obiozor as the new President-General of the apex Igbo socio-cultural group, Ohanaeze Ndigbo we look forward to working with him based on his wealth of experience in diplomacy, Negotiation and bridge building will come handy in helping him to address myriads of challenges confronting Ndi Igbo.” SMBLF Appoints Nwodo As National Coordinator Ohanaeze Ndigbo Election: Igbo Gods Are Not Happy With Obiozor, Say Ohanaeze Youths “Obiozor will set agenda that will restore the entire Ndi Igbo to their deserved pride of place and the actualization of the project 2023.” “It is on this note we congratulate you as the new President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo. Ya ga Zeee”, stated the group. Igbo Presidency Project 21023 members gathered in Abuja to adopt and Approve her unique strategies that can endure and create awareness for the need for Igbo Presidency in 2023. The group also adopted a branded logo to carry out the awareness Campaign and the need for Igbo Presidency in 2023, and also approved the establishment of Zonal and State executives of the body. Igbo Presidency Project 2023 (IPP2023) is a group with focus on creating awareness Campaign on the need for a Nigerian President from southeast to foster National Integration through projects agenda of mobilizing all stakeholders such as political leaders, traditional Leaders, religious leaders, business men and social media influencers within and outside the southeast zone to support zoning of 2023 presidency to southeast.