At the peak of the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria, the revenue generation of Nigerian Aviation Handling Company (NAHCO) Plc dropped by 70 per cent, Mrs. Olatokunbo Fagbemi, the Group Managing Director of the company has said. Speaking in an interview with DAILY INDEPENDENT at the ground handling company headquarters at the Murtala Muhammed Airport (MMA), Lagos, Fagbemi decried that the pandemic caught the company and many other organisations in the industry and Nigeria unawares. She explained that as at January 2020, NAHCO revenue generation had increased between 20 to 30 per cent when compared to the same period in 2019, stressing that the company was already projected for growth until the outbreak of the pandemic. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Fagbemi further explained that the financial situation of the company improved in the latter part of 2020, but could still not be compared with the pre- Covid-19 era. She, however, said that NAHCO management with the support of the board had restructured to absorb future shocks that may arise in the system. BREAKING: Indonesian 737 Missing After Take-Off, 50 Feared Dead Faint Hope For Aviation Industry As 2021 Slinks In Fagbemi could not however, be specific on the loss of the company in 2020, but assured that the financial report of NAHCO would be published in the next few weeks. She said: “2020 was a very challenging and an interesting one for us. As at this time last year, we were projected for growth. If you look at our figures, which are published, at the beginning of the year, I think we had a 20 or 30 per cent growth in the month of January. By the end of the quarter, it dwindled a bit. “I think the impact of Covid-19 started in March 2020. We had our eye in November and December 2019 that something was happening in Asia, but we didn’t imagine that it was going to be what it was. “We had a business contingency plan and business continuity plan as part of our operations and we were just reviewing it in early 2020. When some things happen, what do you do and how do we stand out? And we had a full support of the board. Nobody knew we were going to face what we faced. “I don’t have the actual percentage of the drop here now. The figures would be published in a few weeks. They are working on it at the moment, but at a point in time when it was really bad, it was as bad as going down to about 70 per cent, but then, it began to increase.” Besides, the NAHCO boss decried the freefall of naira against major currencies especially the dollars. According to her, the charges by ground handlers in the country was the lowest anywhere in the world, hoping that all these would change with the formation of the Association of Ground Handlers of Nigeria (AGHAN). She emphasised further that the entire staff of NAHCO were trained on Covis-19 protocols, saying that this had made its staff compliant with the protocols as spelt out by the World Health Organisation (WHO), Nigeria Centre of Disease Control (NCDC) and the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA).