The Nigerian Football Federation (NFF) must go back to the school of sports if the country’s age group football will revive again. This is the position of Henry Nwosu (MON), former coach of the Golden Eaglets, while reacting to the team’s poor showing at the ongoing WAFU B tournament in Togo. The mini tournament serves as qualifiers for the 2021 CAF U-17 Nations Cup in Morocco in July. Golden Eaglets drew 1-1 with Ghana on Saturday, a result that meant the former world champions must wait for the result in the match between Ghana and Cote d’Ivoire on Tuesday to see if they qualify for the 2021AFCON. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The former Super Eagles captain was also referring to the Flying Eagles ouster at the WAFU qualifiers for the 2021 CAF U21 AFCON in Mauritania recently. Speaking to our correspondent, the 1980 AFCON winner challenged the football authorities in the country to go back to the grassroots if the dwindling fortunes of Nigeria’s age-group football will be addressed. Year Ender: The Trajectory Of COVID-19, Need To Intensify Non-Pharmaceutical Measures Group Inaugurates Project To Curtail Road Accidents In Lagos’ Gowon Estate Nwosu noted that sport events like the Principal Cup needed to be revisited in order for Nigeria to start unearthing young and talented players that could bridge the gap. “The feeling that Nigeria may be missing in the next U-17 and U20 Cup of Nations and even the World Cup for the two age competitions is very fearful . “But I think where we missed it was when we decide to do away with the school sports. “You can only get very young, talented and youthful players from school sports. “Some of us are products of school sports and you can begin to ask yourself what has happened to competitions like the Principal Cup and all that. “Until we go back to such competitions, we may just have to continue to struggle with qualifying for these U-17 and U20 competitions,” Nwosu noted. The former defunct ACB FC of Lagos playmaker, however, also blamed the outbreak of COVID-19 as part of te reasons for the poor display of the two junior national teams, saying the lockdown as a result of the virus made it impossible for the two teams to have adequate preparations.