There are vaccines for Coronavirus now, despite the new variants. The rising numbers of infected persons should worry all and sundry. But as usual, we are in a new year, and the general assumption is that Coronavirus is no longer as dangerous as it was in last year. Worst still, states in the South-East, especially Anambra should begin to take proactive steps because the number of events that took place this festive season with little or no regards to the Coronavirus is mind-blowing. The truth is I will fault the government at every level about the lack of compliance or utter ignorance displayed by people regarding the pandemic. We have failed to educate the people thoroughly. We have done very little to take these messages to the rural areas, especially in a season like this, when we know there will be many urban-rural travels. The religious organisation in most towns did not adhere to the COVID-19 rules despite the warnings. The hunger for money did not allow them to warn members or put severe measures in place. The annual Bazaar and Harvest in Catholic churches took place with all the usual razzmatazz. Worse still, the various indigenous festivals took place even in my town without any preventive COVID-19 measures. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! But the truth is, there is a lack of political will in enforcing and ensuring that we adhere to these rules and guidelines. We are a people that by nature, we are not preventive. We are a reactive society that waits for when it is too late before we react. A lot of people still don’t believe that there is a thing like Coronavirus. Again it’s because we haven’t done enough to educate people in the hinterlands properly. The presidency has done their bit, in the fight against the dreaded virus. And we must also commend some state governments’ efforts and their proactive measures to curb the pandemic. Still, others including General Overseers of Mega Churches with millions of members, a state governor and his deputy spew false information about the virus. Real Estate Mogul, Augustine Onwumere Unveils Big Move Senator Bukola Saraki In Gay Mood I mean, even before Pfizer Pharm announced their discovery, a Pastor Chris Oyakhilome and his likes were out there misinforming gullible people with faux conspiracies. The Deputy Governor of Kogi State, Edward Onoja, for instance, in a series of Tweets downplayed the virus despite all of the scientifically proven evidence that Coronavirus is real and present in our society. As announced, the second wave is looking like it will be deadlier than the first, but the truth we must all come to bear with is that our economy is in distress and cannot afford a second lockdown. But how do we prevent the inevitable? By adhering to the guidelines mapped out by the government as recommended by the experts. I am humbly appealing to my fellow Nigerians to accept the reality of what is on the ground. Some of the very rich and affluent are travelling abroad to get the vaccine. When shit hits the fan, the average Joe will bear the brunt the most. A lot of do not have another country to run to. Our economy cannot stand the hit that will arise from a second wave, which is preventable. I also implore all those in a position to educate people not to shy away from it. Like we say in Igbo. ‘Ndu bu isi’. It is who is alive that can be merry. All the razzmatazz can wait until we all get the vaccine but before then let us follow the guidelines.