You must be aware of the current travails of Mr. Dave Nweze Umahi, a civil engineer-turned politician and current Governor of Ebonyi State, South East, Nigeria, whose lot we no longer envy. Umahi who entered public service in 2007 as acting chairman of the Ebonyi State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, was soon to become the substantive State chairman of the party between 2009 and 2011. During this period, he was appointed to the board of the Federal Medical Centre, Asaba, Delta State where he doubled as its chairman. In 2011, Chief Martin Elechi nominated Umahi as his running mate for the governorship tango on the platform of the PDP. They won and Umahi became Deputy Governor of the state. But he was said to be disloyal to his principal. This made Elechi to shift interest from him and now insisted in 2014 on having Prof. Onyebuchi Chukwu, then minister of health, as his successor. However, Umahi, through sheer stroke of luck, defeated Chukwu at the governorship primary and thus emerged the candidate of the party. In 2015, Umahi won as governor in an election largely characterized by irregularities, violence and even deaths. Touted in the media as one of the best governors in Nigeria in the current political dispensation in terms of infrastructural development, Engnr. Umahi has actually made a mark in that category. He created the Ministry of Infrastructural Development and the Ministry of Human Capital Development. Whereas he has used the former to make some formidable impact in the state, Ebonyians are yet to feel the impact of the latter. Give human capital development to the administration of Dr. Sam Ominyi Egwu who governed the state between 1999 and 2007. Of course, Umahi was said to have completed 20 roads in Abakaliki, the state capital, completed flyovers at major points in the state and built some concrete roads in some of the 13 local government areas of the state. But many keen watchers of developments in Ebonyi State would attest to the fact that his private companies or companies he has interest in handle major construction projects in the state. This argument would be elucidated in part two of this offering. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Governor Umahi was said to have attracted massive support from the people of his state and even beyond for his infrastructural projects. The followership comprised awed admirers of his guts as well as those unfamiliar with the governor but adored him for his proven intrepidity, his assumed love for his people and the sheer quality of his commissioned projects. While his fame triggered like a wild fire in the harmattan, not many knew that this Hispanic denizen was assuming the toga of an emperor. He became summarily averse to criticism from any quarters, especially from the Fourth Estate of the Realm. But the proportion of this powerful governor is made complex by his incredible attachment to guile and cunning. It was John Locke, the English physician, philosopher and political theorist, who said that “cunning is the ape of wisdom.” Umahi’s hatred for the media was blown open recently when he ordered two journalists banned “for life” from his state. On Wednesday April 21, 2020, Governor Dave Umahi continued his war on the media by banning “for life”, the state correspondents of THE SUN Newspaper, Chijioke Agwu and his colleague at VANGUARD, Peter Okutu, from entering the Government House or any government facility in the state. Governor Umahi, who made the declaration in a statewide live broadcast aired on the state’s broadcast stations, also lambasted the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ) leadership for failing to discipline their members. The journalists were arrested and detained in dehumanizing circumstances. “If you think you have the pen, we have the koboko”, Umahi was quoted as saying. One of the deadliest blows on the press in the country in recent years. Five Easy Ways To Kill Nigerian School Children (Dedicated To Late Prof Nick Idoko) As Gov. Sanwo-Olu Promotes Academic Excellence Outraged, the massed punditry of the independent press and the social media came out in full cry! Erstwhile protégés and fanatical admirers of this Emperor began to shudder. A spectacle, this: the Governor at bay! Several columnists and brilliant analysts wrote scathingly and with vehemence on the issue. Some of them lampooned him for his primitive overbearingness. The governor was really dazed like a rat caught in the tail and dashed on the floor. It was indeed a media jungle Justice. This prompted him to openly tender an apology to the press. The dust raised by this invidious media bashing was yet to settle down when Umahi’s defection controversy started gathering momentum. At first, the rumour mills were agog with feelers that the governor had been tipped by the supreme deity at the beautiful Almond Villa to defect to his party as he was then the favorite bait for the coveted diadem. Remember the dictum of “the constitutional principality” as propounded by Niccolo Machiavelli in his tiny book, The Prince? It is the case where a private citizen becomes the ruler of his country neither by crime nor by any other outrageous act of violence but by the favour of his fellow citizens. You need neither prowess alone nor fortune, but rather a lucky astuteness to become a ruler in this case. And so, our man, like the proverbial greedy dog that saw its image with a huge bone in the water and had to drop the little bone in its mouth to go after the huge one in the water, had to jump boat. Although defectors are jesters, but the trouble is not with “jumpology” (the act of jumping from one political party to another). It is with the tragedy of eating your own words several times over. Our man who was captured in a video as saying that nothing would ever make him leave the PDP, the party that made him acting State chairman, substantive State chairman and two terms governor, suddenly found himself recanting when he defected to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). That is your man for you! For want of who to blame for his defection, our Prince found himself blaming the very political party that made him what he is today. Addressing journalists in Abakaliki the Ebonyi State capital on November 19, 2020, Umahi said he left PDP because of the injustice meted out to the South East by the former ruling party. His grouse was that the PDP could not make someone from the South East president of Nigeria throughout the sixteen years it was calling the shots in the country. He therefore wanted to pull all the notable Ebonyi elders in PDP to APC. When he failed to convince the former governor of the State, now Senator Sam Egwu and the former Senate President and former Secretary to the Government of the Federation Senator Anyim Pius Anyim to move to APC with him, our man started using divisive methods including blackmail and subterfuge to annihilate them. He forgot that these were his mentors and benefactors who made him what he has become today. Yet, the primary purpose of Umahi’s movement to APC is his implacable desire to become the next president of Nigeria come 2023. But we hear that our man’s plot to use the APC to further his 2023 presidential ambition has ended in a historic fiasco and is nursing plan to defect to APGA. The Hawks in APC are manifesting their entrenched interests as the race for 2023 gathers steam. Last week’s grossly orchestrated rally in Abakaliki to officially announce his veiled presidential ambition has unraveled the enigma embedded in the lie that he did not defect as a result of his personal ambition. 