The only other snag is: would president Trump personally hand over the reins of government to President-elect Biden as has been the tradition, or given his current foul and sore disposition, would he outsource the task to Vice President, Mike Pence? If president Trump’s maverick nature is taken into consideration, anything can happen on 20 January, 2021. But regardless of Trump’s shenanigans, ultimately on that day or at a later date, Joe R Biden would mount the saddle and be given the nuclear bomb code as the Commander-in-Chief of the armed forces of the USA”. Remarkably, l expressed the opinion above about a week before the siege on the capitol. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! And Trump’s revelation that he won’t attend his successor’s inauguration is a development that l had predicted in the piece. But the bizarre situation of the secessionists storming the Capitol in an attempt to kidnap and hang Vice President Pence and kill Speaker Pelosi were certainly not in my wildest imagination. Coup In The Capitol Hill And The Divided States Of America Ijaw Youths Vs NDDC Co-incidentally, there are lots of similarities in the behaviors of the American thugs that stormed the Capitol Hill and the Nigerian thugs that hijacked the #EndSARS protests. A cursory look at the television footages of Trump’s supporters who attempted the coup in the capitol on 6th January via his instigation while Biden’s win of the presidential contest was being certified, reminds me of how political thugs go on rampage in Nigeria damaging voting materials such as ballots and collating documents in areas where a ruling party is not likely to win and in the process engaging in the disenfranchisement of some citizen. Take for instance what happened in FESTAC town , Satelite town, Okota, Akowonjo, Egbeda and other such areas where thugs disrupted election procedures in lagos state in 2019. Such art of brigandage and voter disenfranchisement in Nigeria, mirror voter suppression that’s perpetuated in the USA. Both perfidious acts are geared towards subverting the will of the masses, thus stealing the victory. Astonishingly, that is a mission that Trump wanted to accomplish after the 3 November presidential election of which he had pressurised via phones calls and invitation to White House, without success, election officials in states where he lost to steal the votes for him. Unlike in Africa where electoral officials, Police, State Security agencies, the military and the judiciary are more often than not useful tools for the subversion of the people’s will expressed via elections, the respective officials approached by Trump to help rig the election in his favor, put the USA and democracy above selfish interests by turning him down. I can’t help but long for the days that relevant Nigerian officials would be that high minded. Another notable common trend between the thugs in both countries is that the thugs that broke into USA House Speaker, Nancy Pelosi’s office and the ones that gained access into Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell’s space were clowning by seating at their desks in a manner that reminds me of the hoodlums during #Endsars protests in Nigeria who broke into courts and wore judges gowns, vandalised police stations where they seized uniforms and adorned themselves with the full police regalia, while even being hailed by fellow thugs as ‘IG’ inspector general of police. In a sacrilegious manner, the thugs during #EndSars protests did not confine their desecration to only government offices, but also broke into the palace of the respected Oba of Lagos, whose staff of office and royal foot wears were stolen and gleefully shown off on social media much the way that the secessionists in the USA stole the lectern in speaker Pelosi’s office and showed it off on social media. It also mimics the manner Nigerian thugs snatched the mace from the senate chambers while in session and scampered with it when the impeachment of president Muhammadu Buhari was being speculated, while he was away receiving medical care in the Uk , a couple of years ago. So there is an interesting pattern of behavior between the arsonists that attacked politicians in the capitol, USA, and the brigands that unleashed mayhem in police stations, courts houses and prison yards Nigeria during #End- Sars riots. By relieving the experiences of those in leadership positions and clowning around in the paraphernalia of their targets, what is it in the high offices that are tripping vandals? It is a phenomenon which social scientists may have to devote time to unravel. Meanwhile, a principle or attitude in US Democratic system which is yet to be adopted or imbibed here in Nigeria, is the nobility of resigning if and when public opinion indicates that a public officer has failed woefully in the discharge of his /her duty. The above assertion is underscored by the fact the police officers in charge of the Capitol police who were flat footed when the mob attacked a joint session of senators and House of Representatives, are on track to resign on the 16th. These officers are Steven Sund, chief of capitol police and Paul Irving, Sergeant-At -Arms in the House of Representatives as well as the Senate Sergeant- At-Arms, Micheal Stenger . How come such honorable path does not appeal to the leaders of our security architecture whom Nigerians have shouted themselves hoarse in their call for president Buhari to sack them or resign honorably? The West Virginia lawmaker, Derrick Evan who was amongst those involved in the siege and caught in the television footages in the rotunda of the capitol, has honorably resigned. As expected, pressure is being mounted on president Donald Trump to also resign or get impeached. Also being called upon to resign are senators, Josh Hawley who was the driving force behind the objection to the Arizona electoral college result and Ted Crux who encouraged Trump supporters to storm the Capitol. Another legislator involved in the seditious move is kelvin McCarthy, the Republican Party minority leader in the House of Representatives who spear headed the dissent in the lower chamber. Whether the identified politicians would do the needful by resigning, remains to be seen. But from experience, those who fail to conduct themselves properly in the political arena in the USA, never go unpunished. However, given president Trump’s non conformist tendencies, he is unlikely to resign as being demanded. However, whether he would be impeached or removed from office before his tenure elapses on the 20th by invoking the 25th amendment is another kettle of fish. While many stakeholders are holding their breathe as to how 20 January, 2021 presidential inauguration might turn out, it is abundantly clear that the USA would reclaim its place of glory after Joe R Biden is sworn in as the 46th president of the USA. As the saying goes, you can tell the character of a man by the company that he keeps. The cabinet members that president-in-waiting Biden has nominated reflects the different shades of America. That’s a policy of political inclusiveness begging to be adopted in Nigeria for peace to reign and for the much sought progress and prosperity for the masses to set in. From the first Native American nominated into the US cabinet post, to the first African American to serve as secretary of defense, as well as the first openly gay man, reflecting the many shades of America, the incoming administration of president elect, Joe Biden appears to be carrying all stakeholders along and therefore it is full of promise and hope, not only for Americans, but the entire world. My enthusiasm is buoyed by Biden’s campaign message that he would be the president of all Americans, including those who voted and the ones that did not. Ultimately, the new administration would be the antithesis of Trump’s fire and fury. At least that the expectation of most Americans and the world in general. Based on Biden’s verbalised vision and body language, his reign is not only envisioned to be a healing balm on Americans that are currently badly bruised and divided, but it is also seems poised to lead the world with clear plans on how to eradicate Covid-19 pandemic that is currently ravaging the world, restore peace in the current war theaters, tackle climate change and boost trade and enhance its stabilisation in a highly disoriented and disunited world. Until all of the above plans come into fruition or appear to be happening, l’m not willing to reverse the current nomenclature, Divided States of America to the United States of America. Onyibe, an entrepreneur, public policy analyst ,author, development strategist, alumnus of Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Tufts University, Massachusetts, USA and a former commissioner in Delta State government, wrote in from Lagos.