Ibadan- Youths Voluntary Organizations have been described as a solution towards raising good leaders of any nation. This is the opinion of Professor Sabitu Olagoke who is the Founder, Spiritual Head and Grand Imam of the Shafaudeen-in-Islam Worldwide, who on Saturday urged parents and guidance to embrace the activities of any Youths Voluntary Organizations in their respective areas. Professor Olagoke, an Arabic and Western Education schoolar made know his opinion while briefing Journalists shortly after the Inter School Competition and Novelty Race Event, which kicked started the Ishrat 2021 Opening Ceremony. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The Competition and Novelty Race Event which was hosted by Shafaudeen Group of Schools, was held at the playground of the Christ Church School, Wakajaye, Ibadan, had in attendance children and parents of the hosting school as well as invited guests and schools across the State. Prof. Olagoke maintained that parents should allow their children to join any genuine voluntary organization that is duly registered with the National Youth Council in their respective states, noting that such organization offered various leadership training that is needed by children to succeed in life. LASU Staff Unions Cancel Proposed Strike Action COVID-19: Group Condemns School Resumption Amidst Pandemic He said, voluntary organization is capable to offer individuals that leadership training required for any children to be a good leader in the future, voluntary organization has over the year moved beyond mere digital world it’s now about moulding characters. “Boys Scout taught me, when I was young, how to be proactive, how to plan, as well as my areas of weakness, and up till date have been making use of all those training received during my Scout days, those are the leadership training that the voluntary organization will imbibe in your children. We have to make use of the Operation Catch Them Young, various leaders of voluntary organizations have to work together by giving the children the required training, while the children also watch, so that there is no any filtration or importion of any bad habits.Olagoke stressed. While speaking on the essence of the Inter School Competition, Prof. Olagoke said, the purpose of the gathering is for us to rejoice the essence of being alive, the essence of being energetic in the area of kinematics and kinetics and also to be able to appreciate the essence of Sports. The Inter House/ School Sport Competition and Novelty Competition features series of events such as Match Pass, Filling the Bottle and Lemon Race, Ready for School Race, Daddy’s Shoe, Parents Race, Staff Race Voluntary Organization Race, Eating and Drinking, Relay Race of 25m, 50m, 75m, and 100m among others. At the end of the Relay Race competition Blue House beat both the White and Purple Houses to emerge winner, while White and Purple emerged Second and third respectively, the Green House emerge first in the track and field event leaving behind Purple, White, and Blue to emerge Second, Third, and Fourth respectively.