When in March 2018, 44 African countries took a decision on what has been considered to be the most significant step taken to advance a vision for greater intra-African trade by signing the Framework Agreement on the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA), not many observers of the continent’s economy might have seen some hitches in the agreement. The foregoing view appears to have being buttressed as by January 2019, the number of countries that subscribed to the agreement had grown to 49 out of the 55 AU member states, of which 16 had completed steps to ratify the agreement. The ambitious project seeks to remove tariffs on 90% of the goods traded between the signatories to the agreement, and gradually eliminate other non-tariff barriers to trade in goods and services. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Beyond the initial hype surrounding the Kigali summit of 2018, Africa has not been immune to the debates around the economics of free trade that has come to define the 2010s. In Abuja, Nigeria’s capital, policymakers and lobbyists worry about the collapse of tenuous local industries and of losing economic clout in the region. Campaign To Celebrate Nigeria’s Strength, Resilience Launched Oparah Named ‘Best Corporate Communications Director 2020’ Nigeria is Africa’s largest economy, making it the most notable non-signatory to the AfCFTA deal. Comrade Ayuba Wabba, the president of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), initially went on to describe the AfCFTA as “an extremely dangerous and radioactive neo-liberal policy initiative… that seeks to open our seaports, airports and other businesses to unbridled foreign interference never before witnessed in the history of the country”. Ostensibly expressing its stand on the agreement, the Manufacturing Association of Nigeria (MAN) in 2019 advised the Federal Government to be vigilant regarding the influx of products into the country as a result of the African Continental Free Trade Area agreement (AfCFTA) signed by African countries, and in the same vein requested a return of Nigeria’s product regulation organ, Standard Organisation of Nigeria (SON) to the ports in order to curb illegal transactions that could make Nigeria a dumping ground. Worried by the impact of unscrupulous dealers and substandard goods in the country, the president of MAN, Masur Ahmed hoped that a meeting between MAN and SON would solve any issues bordering on goods and services in the country. Ahmed asked the Federal Government to engage in more capacity building enterprises for SON to be able to cope with the challenges at the ports. He noted that with the signing of the agreement coupled with the take-off of the deal on January 1, 2021 there would be renewed challenges with goods verification. “I believe this creates a new demand for SON and other regulators to scale up their activities to prevent dumping. By doing this, we are not protecting the interest of not only the Nigerian manufacturers, but African manufacturers at large. “It requires even greater cooperation with stakeholders such as MAN. I believe this is what the agency is working on now, and we will certainly support any effort in this regard. I think returning SON to the ports is something we should look at.” It is salient to note in this context that that was not the first time Ahmed was calling for a review of the AfCFTA agreement. He has been at the forefront of sounding note of warning to the government that the continental agreement may negatively affect Nigeria if proper care is not taken, and it could be the likely reason for an importation surge. He has also warned that the importation surge would affect the manufacturing sector and 77 other subsectors. His argument has been hinged on the fact that Nigeria is majorly known to be an Oil-producing nation, and that beyond being a market leader renowned for oil, Nigeria does not do so well with other exports. The MAN President in his argument noted that the continued diversification plan into Agriculture has been marred by bans on importation and forex restriction on certain food items, and concluded that all this point to the fact that the AfCFTA agreement might not favour Nigeria, and the country may even become another dumping ground for goods and services from other African countries. Like it raised its voice in 2019, MAN has once again urged the Federal Government to position SON for AfCFTA. This time, the call was championed by the Kano branch of MAN who has called for the proper positioning of SON at the Nation’s entry points in preparation for the implementation of the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA). Alhaji Ali Madugu, National Vice President of MAN, North West Zone, made the call in Kano while receiving the Director General, SON, Mallam Farouk Salim who was on a working visit to the State recently. Alhaji Madugu emphasised the need for SON’s quality verification of all imported products including those from West African Countries, even with the rule of origin in the ECOWAS Trade Liberalisation Scheme. It would be recall that SON generated the sum of N302 million in 2020 from its Rivers State Ports and Borders offices, compared to N400 million in 2019. Mr. Tajudeen Dosumu, Head, Ports and Borders, said this after meeting with the Director-General of SON, Mallam Salem Farouk, when he paid a visit to the office in Onne, Rivers. Dosumu, who said that the reason for the 24.5% decline in revenue was due to challenges caused by the pandemic; however, noted that the office had still been able to inspect 39,652 containers in 2020? He said: “In the last four years, the operation has recorded continuous increase in number of containers’ examination, compliance with SON import requirements and guidelines and service charge income”. Other improvements listed by SON included sustenance of 24- hour operation in FOT terminal and the creation of an intelligence unit, for effective monitoring of consignment movements. The SON Chief added that the organisation needed an e-Demand Note and e-Receipting to curb interference, and staff training on Ports and Borders operations, for improved service delivery. Salem Farouk stated that the agency faced some difficulties in assessing containers at the ports and promised efficiency through the implementation of technology to improve service delivery and container monitoring. In October 2020 that Global shipping line, Maersk, resumed services from China to Onne Port (by ship) last year and also resumed operations at the Onitsha Inland Port. According to Alhaji Ali Madugu, the commencement of the AfCFTA further underscores the need for SON’s presence at the entry points to prevent Nigeria from being turned into a dumping ground of substandard, fake and counterfeited products from other African Countries. He acknowledged the need for product authentication as an additional tool to fight faking, adulteration and unfair competition with substandard products in the market and urged SON to look at the best way to implement it without putting genuine manufacturers at disadvantage in terms of cost and the procedure for compliance. The MAN National Vice President, commended Mallam Salim’s approach to addressing the concerns of about 140-member strong, North West branch of MAN and enumerated issues for his further consideration. These according to him include; decentralisation of SON testing facilities through building of additional Laboratories across the country, including Kano; easier processing of import documents without necessarily visiting SON Headquarters in Abuja; greater protection of local manufacturers’ MANCAP certified products from adulteration and faking of their brands in Nigeria and overseas as well as unfair competition with substandard imports. Other members of the North West Branch of MAN Executive Committee called for an upgrade and enlightenment of members on the SON offshore conformity assessment programme (SONCAP) portal, as well as the inspection procedure, sampling and testing relating to the Mandatory Conformity Assessment Programme (MANCAP) for locally manufactured products. Mallam Farouk Salim responded that SON was set up to provide technical assistance and support to genuine local manufacturers as well as protect them from unfair competition from substandard products. He acknowledged their sacrifices through investment in infrastructure, creation of job opportunities and regular payment of taxes as part of growing the Nation’s wealth and assured them of his commitment and support. According to him, “We need to partner with MAN to protect genuine manufacturers and legitimate importers by sharing intelligence to apprehend and prosecute standards infractions. With adequate consequences for actions, most people will follow the rules”. He decried the current situation where SON is unable to carry out quality verification of all its regulated imported products at the points of entry nor accost suspected substandard products outside the ports. Mallam Salim stated that efficient service delivery remains his focus and invited MAN to pull forces together with SON for collective success in the interest of the Nation’s economy and the wellbeing of its people. The SON Chief Executive asked the MAN and other stakeholders to look forward to seamless and robust deployment of information communication technology to enhance the agency’s delivery of efficient services and an appreciable reduction in turnaround time for standards development, product certification and registration amongst others. He invited MAN members to work with SON to further protect their brands through the deployment of a product authentication scheme to empower Consumers at the point of purchase.