Mr. Adekunle Adegoke, a Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) and former Secretary of the North East Task Force of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA), in this interview with TITILOPE JOSEPH, speaks on justice delivery, judicial autonomy, insecurity as well as citizens rights and liberty under the present administration. Excerpts: The president in his New Year speech urged the judiciary to ensure that corruption cases are dispensed with expeditiously. Do you think the judiciary has performed up to expectations in the area of justice delivery? My assessment of the judiciary is one of just a pass mark. I will say the judiciary is really trying albeit there are areas of inadequacies which must be looked into. This accounts for my conclusion that while one may say that members of the bench are trying, it is certain that there are inadequacies that make them unable to measure up to expectations. A situation where cases last tens of years in court cannot be said to be satisfactory. A good look at the judiciary will show that it is actually an institution that needs a lot of help. It is the only arm of government among the three that has no independence strictly speaking. It is the only arm of government operating in many areas under dilapidated structures and inadequate funding. A judiciary that is going cap in hand to beg for funds from the other arms of government cannot measure up to expectations as it cannot be said to enjoy independence by which only excellent performance can be guaranteed. It is only this that guarantee rule of law. We have a judiciary that was crippled for many months by the pandemic and could not operate online because the infrastructure is not there. Nobody expects a judge to deliver effectively in such a situation. Thus, the judiciary has not performed to the best of the capacities of its personnel not because we do not have brilliant and committed men on the bench but because the environment has not been made helpful enough to make their efforts more impactful. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Do you think the government has given room for judiciary autonomy in this dispensation? The government has not ensured judicial autonomy. Notwithstanding the signing into law of the Executive Order No. 10, it is certain judicial autonomy is a necessity as no arm of government should have an over-bearing influence on the constitutional capacities of other arms of government if separation of powers would be meaningful. A Chief Judge at a recent NBA Conference in Lagos lamented the financial situation of the judiciary in her state and attributed their incapacitation to financial control by the executive. A situation under which our courts operate cannot be regarded as part of the modern judicial system in which courts of other land operate. I have said it elsewhere that the judiciary has always been going cap in hand to the executive to beg for allocations and financial support. This has made many governors determiners of what the judiciary does and does not do. You see a governor who considers himself a potentate dishing out orders to the judiciary or by subtlety influencing the outcome of judicial determination by threat of financial incapacitation. It is not for a governor to buy cars and distribute to Judges who will now feel obliged to such a benefactor. I read recently of Magistrates appointed about two years ago in a state still going to offices on foot as they have no cars to transport themselves. Such a situation cannot boost the morale of such judicial officers and a hungry stomach cannot be insulated from corrupt influences. Tribal, Religious Differences Fuelling Insecurity In Nigeria – Akingbolu Accelerating Dispensation Of Cases: The Way Forward Many people are of the opinion that this administration is taking away citizen’s rights and liberty through its actions against the citizens. What’s your take on this? The government needs to critically assess itself with respect to its human rights achievements. When we talk about a government’s human rights records, it is not limited to an order given or not given by the President. It is not merely defined by the action and inaction of the President alone. It is a summation of the activities of the government with respect to its police department, law enforcement section generally etc. The arrest and detention of Sowore leave a bitter taste in the mouth for some of us who supported and worked to put this government in place. For all you care, the government could have ignored the call for a revolution by Sowore as it was not a new statement made by anyone. In fact, the act would not amount to treason if properly scrutinised in the context of the law. There have been no reports of arms bearing or use of weapon by any of the protesters who claimed a revolution. At best, what Sowore called a revolution was a nomenclatural misnomer as it was merely a protest and nothing more. For the men of the Department of State Service to brutalise him in court only showcased our officers as operating below the standard recognised in civilised community. With respect to the #EndSARS campaign and the manner it was addressed by the government, I believe the government could have done better. The government actually handled it with maturity at the beginning, ready to listen and discuss and in this regard, I will give kudos to Governor Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State and many of his colleagues like the Governor of Kwara State who intervened in the protests with good measure of responsibility. The deployment of soldiers to Lekki, arrest, detention, victimisation of and denial of right of travels to the leaders of the protests only show the government as not being tolerant and ready to respect human rights enough. I must concede that the acts of hooliganism, brigandage, arson, destruction and killings of policemen that succeeded the protests from some quarters require a stronger hand by the government as no government should allow a free rein of anarchy. And at the same time, a peaceful and well-organised theatre of protest like Lekki and Ikeja did not deserve the cruelty that was unleashed on the people. The President also talked about re-organising the security apparatus and personnel to tackle insecurity in the country; do you think that is what the country needs right now or even coming late? I believe this realisation by the President is coming quite late. The level of insecurity in the country, orgy of violence we read on a daily basis, the volume of tears of victims, the number of deaths, both recorded and unrecorded, do not justify that the government is responsive enough. It is easy for someone to stay in a place where there is relative peace like Lagos, Osun or Anambra and be praising the government. I believe if one’s relative happens to be a victim of Boko Haram slaughter or kidnap for ransom, one will not find it funny. The victims of mass slaughter in Benue, Nasarawa, Borno, Zamfara are not laughing and can never be finding the situation pleasant. They are weeping. The call by the people for the removal of the security chiefs was not based on hatred for anyone. It is a genuine call for the enthronement of law and order through people who are ready to do the job. A situation where there is anarchy all over the land is not a commendation to the efforts of the executive. We only hope and pray that the statement by the President to reorganise the security apparatus and personnel is genuine and not just a New Year statement to pacify the angry masses. How best do you think the challenges of insecurity can be tackled in the country? It calls for determination. It calls for an unwavering resolution on the part of the government to restore security of lives and property. The efforts of the government right now to combat insecurity are half-hearted. No serious government restores peace and order by negotiating with bandits and granting amnesty to terrorists to spite gallant forces who died in the anti-terrorism campaign. The morale of the living and serving soldiers can never be boosted where they see their tormentors in a banquet with the government they are dying to protect. The wives, sons and daughters of soldiers who were killed by the slaughter knives of Boko Haram will never see any justification for the “foolish” choice of their breadwinners to die for a country that will not mourn them but rather compensate their killers with training abroad and dinners with the government. Justice must be served to the victims and the perpetrators in accordance with due measure of law. Second, the government must appropriately kit and equip our law enforcement officers to effectively combat terrorism, banditry, kidnapping and other vices of insecurity. We have read and watched much of how our soldiers are being mercilessly slaughtered by Boko Haram and you wonder whether these are the same soldiers who received international medals for excellent performances. A senior military officer who was not ready to continue indulging in the shameless and deceitful claim of excellence while his battalion was being slaughtered by bandits, recently voiced out against the inadequacies in their weaponry and how Boko Haram terrorists displayed better weapons. The military authorities and the government, rather than looking critically into the complaints of this gallant officer, removed him from his command and demoted him as a punishment for speaking the truth. The government would rather praise a military officer who is lying that they had killed Shekau and destroyed all his men only for the same killed terrorists to be killing thousands of villagers the following day. Third, the government must attend to the economic challenges affecting the masses. The bands of terrorists, bandits, kidnappers and armed robbers have ready supplies from the millions of unemployed youths whose markets must be reduced by provision of jobs and creating of employment opportunities. Many of the youths who fuel the source of violence and evil perpetration are unemployed youths who would have rather been useful in some other sectors. Finally, the government must prioritise education. A situation where the number of out-of-school children multiplies on a daily basis can never augur well for security in any nation. Thousands of young children are out of school in every local government in the northern part of the country and these are ready sources for supplies of terrorists and bandits. The previous government established hundreds of almajiri schools all over the north. We must look at how efficient these schools are in reducing the population of wandering almajiris and upgrade them to tackle the scourge of ignorance by which bloodshed was made attractive to young and innocent souls that ought to be the hope of the nation for a more progressive future. Other promises were also made regarding reforms of power and revamping the economy. Will Nigeria truly witness some changes if these were done in 2021? If the government is able to effect changes in 2021 as regards power supply and the economy, it is certain that there will be a positive turn. The situation of power supply in the country has not attained the best. There is still darkness in many parts of Nigeria. Where there is an improved supply of power, the economy will be the primary beneficiary as the cost of production right now in the country is not production-friendly. The government must also address the challenges confronting the economy. The exchange rate of naira to dollar today is rather disheartening. The nation must work towards being investment-friendly and must be made attractive to producers of goods and providers of services. Any economy that is not producing can never attain optimum development. We are a consuming nation and basic things we need we still import. No nation develops along such pattern of dependency. 2021 must be targeted as a year of laying proper foundation for economic prosperity. The multiplier effects will cause improvement in our security as many idle hands will find something more productive to do.