The Director General, National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC), Otunba Segun Runsewe has pulled socks up in support of governor El Rufai who ordered the demolition of a house slated as venue for a sex party in Kaduna state. The house located in Sabon Tasha, on the outskirts of Kaduna metropolis was demolished by the state Urban Planning Development Agency (KADUSPA) on the express orders of governor Nasir El Rufai who was miffed at the public show of disrespect for Nigerian Culture and total disregard to public good. Runsewe whose agency last year had a running battle with cross dresser influencers and social deviants, particularly Bobrisky, nailing the spread of defiant influences to the walls, says that governor El Rufai deserve kudos for prompt response to the disgusting sex party in the state by promptly demolishing the building as a warning to others in the wings. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “But for this intervention by the governor, Kaduna state possibly would become the new capital and destination for sex tourism in Nigeria, leading to social disconnect and dislocations with drug peddling in tow and our children destroyed in the process”, he explained. “In 1992, Senegal and Uganda, experienced massive influx of sex tourists and immediately took hard measures to curb it because if left unchecked, sex tourism will damage the spiritual, moral and Cultural values of any society and no there’s no sentiments about dealing with it as governor El Rufai has done” Runsewe explained INSECURITY: Direct Your Questions At Buhari, Not Makinde, PDP Replies APC Group Defection: Umahi Still Remains Our Leader, Friend In PDP – Lawmaker According to otunba Segun Runsewe, there is the need for Nigerian leaders and parents to monitor closely what their children are up to and quickly nip untoward attitudes and activities in the bud. “Certainly, governor El Rufai has vindicated our position on the need to stop and arrest the unfortunate presence and foreign behavioral influence threatening our culture and tradition. Am sure with the pulling down of the house for the sex party, sufficient signals has been sent to other deviants, their sponsors and publics.” “The law of this country must be applied to the fullest to stop this rage from the pit of darkness”, Runsewe further explained, calling on other governors to support the full restoration and enthronement of Nigerian Cultural values and ecosystem to rid the nation of Strange characters and lifestyles. “This is how Boko Haram and yahoo yahoo started and before we know it, our society, the young persons left to drink from the polluted waters of social vices which has left us struggling on all fronts, so let those who are angry at the response of governor El Rufai go check out various campaigns mounted against sex tourism by United Nations world Tourism Organization ( unwto); and the Universal Federation of Travel Agencies (UFTA).” Runsewe who also doubles as President Africa Region World Craft Council (WCC), discolsed that NCAC will be reviewing and reviving the campaign to promote the true Nigerian Cultural values, targeting the youths and the older generation, inorder to rid Nigeria of Devil’s plan to destroy the young persons and their future wellbeing. “Our culture no doubt is under threat from all sides but with what governor Nasir El Rufai has done in Kaduna, am convinced that we shall battle the demons of immoral living and enemies of our Culture and tradition to a standstill”, he stated SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION