Nyesom Wike, the Rivers State Governor, has reiterated his earlier position that the success of his government hinges on God’s intervention and direction of his steps and actions, by opening doors of divine favour and showering His grace and mercies upon him, members of his cabinet and the people of the state. The governor said that with the peace of God upon the state in 2021, his administration would excel in delivering democracy dividends and good governance that would usher prosperity to the good people of the state, and shame cynics and detractors, who do not wish the state well. Wike said this at the first Sunday church service in 2021 held at his private residence, along Ada George Road in Rumuepirikom, Obio/Akpor Local Government Area of the state, on Sunday. He attended the first Sunday church service along with his wife, Hon Justice Eberechi Suzzette Nyesom Wike and their children, with some members of the State Executive Council, politicians and other stakeholders of the state. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Reading the only Bible lesson of the service from the book of Psalm 122 verses 1-9, Wike said, “I was glad when they said unto me; let us go into the house of the Lord. “Our feet shall stand within thy gates, O Jerusalem. Peace be within thy walls, and prosperity within thy palaces. “For my brethren and compan- ions’ sake, I will now say, peace be within thee, because of the house of the Lord our God, I will seek thy good”, the governor noted. Ijaw Youths Back NDDC Sole Administrator #EndSARS: Edo Chief Demands N50b Compensation For 5 Slain Youths In his sermon, Ven Richard Ok- para exhorted the congregants to desire the characters of the personal life of Jesus Christ than to possess the power to perform spectacular miracles, cast out demons and to control the forces of nature. He said Jesus Christ, who started His ministry at age 30, did not con- demn anybody to death and suffer- ings, but proclaimed liberty to the captives, healing to the broken hearted and offered salvation. Okpara urged people in leader- ship to be wary of those who come to them singing their praises always in order to get them distracted from their commitment, which eventually make them to become self-conceited. According to him, they need to know the enormity of their responsibilities and put their trust in God not in men, who alone is able to lead them to do right always. He also noted the importance of New Year resolutions that some of those in attendance may have made, but reminded them that at a point in life with their accomplishments, they need the prayers for long useful life more. But such long life, he said, is meaningless without the resolve to impact society positively by giving scholarship to the indigents and watch them become fulfilled in life. He urged them to also build a befitting church in their villages for God in gratitude. Also in attendance were the Speaker of the Rivers State House of Assembly, Rt. Hon. Ikuinyi Owaji Ibani; Secretary to the Rivers State Government, Dr. Tammy Danagogo; and Head of Rivers State Civil Service, Barrister Rufus Godwins. Others at the church service were the Chief of Staff to Government House, Engr. Chukwuemeka Woke; state Chairman, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Amb Desmond Akawor; and the Sole Administrator, Rivers State Waste Management Agency (RI- WAMA), Brother Felix Obuah. 2021: Wike Seeks God’s Face To Govern Rivers