ABUJA- The Minister of State for Health, Dr. Olorunnimbe Mamora has hinted that the Federal Government has been making spirited efforts at ensuring availability of oxygen on a short term basis through collaboration with CACOVID. While still pursuing the process for immediate intervention for nationwide equitable and sustainable oxygen availability at the Federal Tertiary Hospitals as well as State owned Hospitals. He gave this hint during the Presidential Task Force briefing on COVID-19 on Tuesday in Abuja, while acknowledging with thanks the provision of 100 cylinders of medical oxygen per day by a donor company for the needed support of patients in the Isolation and Treatment Centers in the FCT. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Mamora further stated that, “It is important to state that the ultimate plan in terms of medical oxygen supply is based on systematic oxygen assessment and gaps identification in the country bothering severe disequilibrium, uneven storage/demand ratio, distribution logistics challenges and equipment and plant dilapidation.” “Our oxygen availability intervention plan is targeted at immediate, medium and long term plans with special attention to the COVID-19 high burden areas like FCT, Lagos, Kaduna.” 731 Batch B Corps Members Test Positive For COVID-19, Out Of 35,419 NERC Never Consulted Me On New Electricity Tariff- Minister “The various approved treatment centres have scaled up activities as directed and quality of care continues to improve. A major factor contributing to the mortality of cases is the late presentation at the approved treatment centres.” “We therefore appeal to caregivers not to hold on to suspected cases who fit the case identification protocol for longer than necessary and refer promptly. This will greatly improve treatment outcomes and drive our case fatality rate further down.” Mamora, however, said in terms of vaccines, the lead agency (NPHCDA), working with our stakeholders and partners is currently assessing the infrastructural gaps in terms of logistics for cold chain maintenance, storage, supply and distribution to ensure vaccine viability and reach all. He added that, they are also working with the Aviation Ministry to ensure strict enforcement of covid-19 protocols at the local and international wings of Airports across the country taking cognizance of the high transmissibility of the new strain of the virus already confirmed in many countries. Particular attention in this regard is therefore being focused on passengers arriving from the UK and South Africa. He further stated that, It is imperative during this second wave to strictly adhere to the non-pharmaceutical interventions of wearing face mask, physical and social distancing; hand washing with soap and water and use of hand sanitizers where necessary. In this regard we are liaising with state governments, National Orientation Agency and other relevant MDAs to intensify sensitization of the general public on the need to comply with the existing COVID-19 protocols. Some states and the FCT have taken proactive measures to ensure compliance such as introduction of fines for erring members of the public. This is a step in the right direction considering the ferocity of this second wave He added that, “As of yesterday 5th January, 2021, the total number of samples tested is 980,046 Number of confirmed cases is 91,351 Number of Active cases is 14,334 Discharged till date is 75,691, New cases in the last 24hrs is 1,204, Number of deaths till date is 1,318, Case fatality Rate is 1.5%. “We appeal to all states to increase testing to enable us know exactly where we are. This will enable us put in place mitigating measures to check transmission and provide treatment for covid-19 sick patients. We urge all those with COVID-19 evocative symptoms to report and get tested promptly.” “Finally let me reiterate that the Federal Government is doing everything possible within its constitutional mandate to combat this pandemic. As citizens, it is our duty to take primary responsibility for our health as individuals.” “This cannot be overemphasized, especially with highly misleading clips on the social media denying the existence of Covid-19. Denying the existence of Covid-19 is not only making a mockery of the loved ones that have fallen victims of this deadly pandemic, it is an eloquent disservice to health workers in the arena whose brows continue to get beaten and bruised. Let us encourage one another to do the right thing to keep all of us safe. It is the minimum duty we owe ourselves”, he said.