Yenagoa- A total of 106 special constabulary policemen have been trained and equipped with the necessary skills to carry out community policing across the eight local government areas of Bayelsa State. The state Police Commissioner, Mike Okoli, disclosed this during the community policing sensitization/awareness campaign organized by the state police command in partnership with the state government in Yenagoa on Thursday. He said the 106 constabularies, who make up the first batch in the state, were among contingents from Edo, Delta and other states who passed out recently from the Police Training School, Nonwa, Rivers State. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Okoli described community policing as “a brilliant idea” of the Inspector-General of Police, Mohammed Adamu, stressing that community policing meant taking policing back to the people. He said, “Let the people participate in policing the community because provision of security cannot be carried out alone by the police and other security agencies alone. To drive this concept of community policing, about 106 indigenes of the state were recently trained at the Police Training School, Nonwa, Rivers State.” Invalid Driver’s Licence: Soldiers Beat Up VIO Personnel For Impounding Senior Colleague Vehicle Fashola Reassures Public On Speedy Completion Of Third Mainland Bridge, Feb. 15 Reopening It would be recalled that Governor Douye Diri had in May 2020 inaugurated the state community policing advisory committee and the nine-member state community policing committee. Delivering a sensitisation lecture on community policing, a retired Deputy Inspector-General of Police, Sotonye Wakama, who also represented the IGP Adamu, stated that the concept of community policing thrives on the three pillars of partnership, problem-solving and organizational transformation. According to him, the current approach to policing in the country was reactive and not proactive, intelligence-driven and evidence-based. Wakama said, “We are in a democracy. The police must respect the rule of law. We must render service. The police must be service-oriented, we must be accountable and transparent. Adding corruption and intimidation affects the whole mixture.” “Community policing will not go away after the current IGP Adamu because it has become part of the law. Every officer must internalise it. Community policing is basically about partnership, problem-solving and organisational transformation.” He, however, said that the police authorities were concerned about population explosion, technology and upsurge in crime around communities across the country. Governor Diri, represented by the Secretary to the State Government (SSG), Konbowei Benson, said that government had the constitutional responsibility to protect lives and property. He, however, noted that the state government had over the years been giving support to the police and other security agencies to ensure the security of lives and property within the state capital, Yenagoa, and the other local government areas. Also speaking, Chairman of the State Traditional Rulers Council, King Alfred Diete-Spiff, who was represented by the monarch of Ekpetiama Kingdom, King Bubaraye Dakolo, expressed dismay that police duties had been usurped in the country as all security personnel were bent on doing the job of the police.