TITILOPE JOSEPH;CHIBUZOR EMEJOR LAGOS / ABUJA – National Identification Number (NIN) applicants have expressed sadness over the process, calling on the Federal Government to cre­ate more National Identity Card registration centres in the country and extend the deadline. They were also worried that the strike called by National Identity Management Commission (NIMC) staff will affect the registration process. Following the strike they embarked on Thursday, thousands of applicants were locked outside the commission’s offices nation­wide. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! It would be recalled that the Federal Government extended the period for NIN registration from December 31, 2020 to January 19, 2021. However, it gave three weeks extension for sub­scribers with NIN from De­cember 30, 2020, to January 19, 2021, and six weeks exten­sion for subscribers without NIN from December 30, 2020 to February 9, 2021. Aliyu Hails Bello, FCT Minister @62 Yobe Appoints New Grand Khadi For Sharia Court Some residents of Lagos, Delta, Oyo, Imo, Anambra, Cross River, Nasarawa, who were seen in large numbers at the offices of the National Identity Management Com­mission (NIMC) made the call on Thursday. One of the applicants at NIMC headquarters in Cross River, Mr. Otu Keyiye, said he came to the office to be registered, but found the gate locked with people outside without any expla­nation. Keyiye, who is a student, said that since schools would soon be resuming, there may be no time to complete the registration. Another applicant, Mrs. Felicia Kalu, said she started the process of her registra­tion close to 10 years ago, but has not been able to get her card or NIN. “I came here today be­cause of the whole talk of blocking of unregistered lines, I don’t want my line to be blocked, so I have to ensure that I complete the registration. “Now, the centres are not much and today, they are not registering, I feel very bad; I want the government to help us create more centres for more people to be captured,” she pleaded. At the NIN registration centre at the University of Calabar it was observed that the registration exercise was on hold. One of the applicants, Mr. Donald Etuk, who expressed sadness over the whole pro­cess, said that it was his fourth day of trying to reg­ister. “I was here yesterday with many other people to start the registration pro­cess, only for me to get here today and they are not work­ing. “Most of the people who have been coming here to register have android phones and are computer literate. “Considering the pan­demic, the portal should be open or an application pro­vided for people to download and register themselves. Mr. Hilary Eke’s concern was, however, on the issue of requesting for the Bank Ver­ification Number (BVN) of applicants as a prerequisite for the NIN registration. “BVN is a very person­al number, it should not be requested to register for NIN, because the NIMC of­ficials can be careless and a fraudster picks the form and defraud applicants of their hard earned money.” He added that the time for the registration should be extended and more centres created. Some of the residents of Nasarawa State in Keffi and Akwanga local government areas said that the establish­ment of more registration centres would reduce long queues. According to them, it would pave way for easy accessibility to register for National Identification Number (NIN) and to avoid contracting COVID-19. Mr. Bulus John, a resident of Keffi, lauded the Federal Government for insisting that Nigerians must enroll and link their NIN to their Subscriber Identification Module (SIM) cards as part of efforts to curb insecurity in the country. “However, I want to ap­peal to the Federal Gov­ernment through NIMC to establish more registration centres across Nasarawa State to reduce the hardship being faced by residents try­ing to enrol to obtain their NIN. Similarly, Hajiya Zainab Dogara, another resident, recounted the difficulty she experienced trying to regis­ter. According to her, some residents report to the Keffi centre to queue up as ear­ly as 3a.m. and might not be able to get registered throughout the day. “If the authorities will increase the number of reg­istration centres, it would go a long way to reduce the hardship and enable Nige­rians to meet the deadline given for the disconnection of SIM cards,” Dogara said. Another resident of Ak­wanga, Mr. Attah Moses, said that given the crowd of prospective enrollees in the area, it would take NIMC more than three months to capture everyone if more registration centres were not created. “I am appealing to NIMC to establish more registra­tion centres in the state, at least two each in local gov­ernment areas with large population in order to re­duce overcrowding and to enable residents have easy access to register for their NIN. “Establishment of more registration centres would also help in checking the spread of COVID-19 through physical distancing,” he said. Residents in Warri and environs also appealed to the Federal Government to decentralise the ongoing registration process in the country. They said on Thursday in Warri that the develop­ment would ease the pro­cess which they described as “cumbersome’’. The applicants expressed displeasure over the nation­wide shutdown of registra­tion by management of NIMC. Mr. Abdulmojeed Sodimu said he arrived the venue of the registration in Warri South about 5a.m. on Thurs­day and was number 100 on the list. “I have been here since 5:00a.m. and I was number 100 on the list. I could not wait till 8:00a.m when the staff would resume. “When I returned to the venue, I was told that they are on strike. “I want to appeal to the government to decentralise the process. It should be done in every ward to make it easier. “They should employ ad-hoc staff if they lack man­power to ease the work, the suffering is just too much for us,” Sodimu said. Another applicant, Mr. Simeon Opukeme, said that the process should be ex­tended to the communities to ease the cost of transpor­tation. “I came from Batan Flow station in Warri South-West Local Government Area of Delta. “It costs N3,000 to come and N3500 to return to my community in the creek by boat. “The other time I came here, we were more than 500 persons waiting to get registered. “They should do it in each local government area and visit communities. “That will be the best be­cause many people in my community cannot come here because of the cost of transportation,” he said. Also speaking, Mr. Ba­balake Omolomo, who ex­pressed disappointment at the development said that he trekked for more than three kilometers to the venue. “Government should do it the way the voters’ regis­tration exercise was done to ease the process,” he said. Mrs. Esther Monday also suggested that the exercise should be done in every local government area. “I decided to come today only to be told that they have shut down the exercise. “This is not the right thing, it should be done same way the voter’s card registration was done where everybody had to go to their local government area”. Some Anambra resi­dents who thronged the NIMC office in the state on Thursday expressed frus­tration over their inability to be registered and obtain their NIN. The entrance gate into NIMC office in Amawbia, near Awka was locked while applicants loitered around. Some of the applicants said they arrived the office as early as 5:30a.m. with the aim of being attended to early, before going to their workplaces. Mrs. Njideka Anumudu, a nursing mother, said she had been visiting the office since last December without being registered. Anumudu said she was there on Wednesday and left very late in the evening after she was given a form to photocopy and fill. The applicant said she was there to submit the form and be registered, but had spent over four hours there as the gate remained locked and no official was talking to anybody. “The information we got is that they are on strike,” she said. Mr. Jideofor Chukwu­jekwu said he came from Onitsha after his previous attempts to register at NIMC offices in some local govern­ment areas failed, describ­ing the exercise as “unneces­sary burden on Nigerians.” NIMC Staff Begin Strike Following the strike called by NIMC staff on Wednesday, applicants were worried that the action will affect the registration pro­cess. They, therefore, called on the Federal Government to intervene, factor in the cir­cumstance and review the deadline already given. The staff of NIMC embarked on strike over COVID-19 scare and alleged poor welfare. President of the Associa­tion of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria (ASCSN), NIMC branch, Lucky Michael, and the association’s Secretary, Odia Victor, jointly signed a strike notice. According to the notice, “Consequent upon the just concluded congress of the above-mentioned associa­tion that took place on Jan­uary 6, 2020, the unit execu­tive directs all members of Grade Level 12 and below in the head office and state offices to report to their re­spective duty posts tomor­row, January 7, 2020 and do nothing. “All members at the lo­cal government offices and special centres are advised to stay away from their vari­ous centres as task force and implementation committees would be on parade to en­sure total compliance to the directive.” The communiqué noted that the strike had become “imperative due to the ex­posure of staff to COVID-19 risks, lack of personal pro­tective equipment, irregu­larities in promotion and poor funding.” The NIMC staff had asked to be paid overtime as well as provided with enough tools to work with. The communiqué also said, “Staff members were infected with COVID-19 and adequate measures have not been taken to curtail the spread. “The meeting resolved that safety of staff should be prioritised. Further­more, the office environ­ment should be fumigated immediately. “The congress agreed that the NIMC staff salary structure approved by the Federal Government vide presidential assent be im­plemented in the personnel appropriation of the 2021 annual budget effective from January 2021. “That the lopsided and ir­regular promotion done in 2017 and 2020 be reviewed, regularised and gazetted in accordance with public ser­vice rules.” Following this, some La­gos residents have appealed to the Federal Government to address welfare issues of NIMC workers to stop their on-going strike. The residents lamented that the deadline for submis­sion of NIN and the second wave of COVID-19 should be considered while taking decisions on the strike. Mr. Wasiu Ashafa, a mo­tor spare part dealer, said that he was not aware of the strike until he got to NIMC office in Alausa, where he met a lot of people express­ing their disappointed. “I am not aware there is going to be a strike. I came early this morning so as to return to my shop after reg­istration. They have wasted my time and transport fare, the government should look into the cause of the strike,” he said. Also, Mr. Akintayo James, a civil servant, said that the government should respond to the claim of poor COVID-19 safety arrange­ment in NIMC offices, so as to end the strike on time. “Considering the second wave of coronavirus, there is a need for provision of ad­equate safety arrangements as requested by striking staff. People are no more observing the safety pre­cautions; they just want to register for NIN,” he said. Mrs. Rasidat Shittu, a public servant, said that the government should look into the remuneration of NIMC staff, as their work now involved risk of con­tracting COVID-19. “Government should in­clude hazard allowance and other incentives for NIMC staff. They expose them­selves to the danger of con­tracting COVID-19 each day they come to the office due to the crowd they attend to,” she said. Mr. Adigun Kazeem, a student, urged the govern­ment to review the dead­line for NIN submission, considering the number of people that still want to be registered. “Government should con­sider extending the deadline to control the rate at which people rush to NIMC offices to avoid the spread of coro­navirus”, he said. Another worker, Mrs. Grace Ayinde, also said that safety of staff should be pri­oritised to curtail COVID-19 spread among NIMC staff. “Safety of the staff should be prioritised for them to work without fear of contracting the virus. This is part of the reason for the strike”, she said. Buy NIN, Face Prosecution, EFCC Warns Nigerians Meanwhile, the Econom­ic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has warned Nigerians involved in selling and buying of NIN to desist from such act, saying it is both illegal and criminal. The anti-graft com­mission in a statement on Thursday by its Head, Media & Publicity, Wilson Uwujaren, said it has been brought to its notice that some persons were cashing in on the exercise to induce enrollees to sell their NIN for a fee. The EFCC statement read, “As Nigerians struggle to acquire the National Iden­tification Number (NIN) from offices of the National Identity Management Com­mission (NIMC) across the country, it has come to the knowledge of the Economic and Financial Crimes Com­mission (EFCC) that some unscrupulous persons are cashing in on the exercise to induce enrollees to sell their NIN for a fee. The buyers of the numbers are also trad­ing with them to persons whose motives are anything but noble. “The EFCC wishes to alert Nigerians that it is not only illegal to sell their NIN, they stand the risk of vicar­ious liability for any act of criminality linked to their NIN. In other words, they risk arrest and prosecution for any act of criminality linked to their NIN whether or not they are directly re­sponsible for such crimes.” The commission warned members of the public against selling their NIN and urged them to report anyone seeking to buy their NIN to the nearest office of the EFCC or other law en­forcement agencies.