From leaving the lucrative to pursuing her passion, former senior manager with First Bank Plc, Madinat Sanusi, who is now CEO of Medisanus Kiddies, spoke to NKASIOBI OLUIKPE on how she was able to waddle through the pandemic and what to look forward to in 2021. Excerpts: What’s your view of the 2020 business year? We just thank God for everything. You know 2020 was a year of New Normal, we just thank God for life because nothing really happened from the business angle. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! So, how were you able to navigate through 2020, since it was not truly a business year? Actually, God was just merciful unto us in 2020. Before the COVID 19, I was able to start my tiger nut business. That was what I was able to do all through the lockdown period. So, I never had reasons to be bored. Most Cosmetics Don’t Deliver Because Their Manufacturers Lack Focus –Adebayo I’m Passionate About Globalisation Of Nigerian Skincare Products –Akinbajo Are you saying that the COVID 19 rules such as social distancing did not affect you? Well, actually, I didn’t get out of my area from that March 18 up till after the lockdown. But, I was able to reach out to my customers to deliver the tiger nut drinks. I have a way of reaching out to them. So, what are your projections for 2021? For 2021, we are trying to be optimistic as well as adapt to the new normal. But, I also want to believe that with the way things are trying to kick off, people should have a positive story to tell. What you have to understand is that life has to go on. Why did you have to leave a lucrative job in the banking sector for private business? It’s just out of passion. I felt the urge to do something I really loved doing and I couldn’t combine my banking career with it. So, I decided to choose between the two. And of course, expectedly, I followed my passion and quit my job. I even got a letter of recommendation from the Managing Director who never wanted me to leave. A lot of people said I was one of those they were looking up to in the sector, but I stood my ground. I told them I wanted to go out there and contribute my quota to the society, by giving back. I wanted to be an employer of labour. I feel happy when I see that I am able to pay some people and contribute in one way or the other for their wellbeing. Added to it, I have time for other times, including myself. But really, it was a nice experience working in the bank. If I want to go back, I will always do so, but no way. You didn’t consider the fact that the money wouldn’t start flowing immediately? How about the fear of the unknown, I mean delving into an unknown territory? Yes, I thought about it actually. You know they say money is everything, but to me, it’s a different story. Money does not mean everything to me. Money does not give happiness. Following my own passion is what gives me that joy. When I see the children excited and happy, I feel happy myself. There may not be that kind of money now, but with time, I believe it will definitely happen. If I had considered what I was earning as a banker, having already attained the management cadre, I would not have in any way quit the job. I never thought about the money, I can tell you wholeheartedly, that I am enjoying what I am doing right now. But I didn’t just jump into it, I researched about quitting the job and the fear of the unknown, so I have already prepared myself; budgeted appropriately, knowing that money might not come all the time. In fact, I had to sacrifice a lot of things. So, what informed your line of business as there is an array of other businesses you could have delved into? I love children and love entertaining them, that is why I concentrated on the kiddies aspect alone, not food, not rentals, just only children. I love seeing them happy. Even though you were a banker, but how were able to access finance or did you prepare yourself for it beforehand or help came from other sources? You know before I ventured into what I am doing now, I can tell you confidently that I did a lot of research. As at the time I quit my job I didn’t have much, but I realized that when you put so much money into a business, you are very likely to fail. But when you start little and grow with it, you will appreciate it much. That was exactly what I did. I just started humbly with a little amount, bought some things that would assist me in the job, and that was it. Truth remains that if it’s about the money, there is no way I would have left my job, no, not in the least. Now, that you are into it, how would you assess the business? I actually started by organising a Christmas show, inviting family and friends. When I saw the turnout and the way people loved it, I started from there because it was a successful outing. All well and good, it is moving on fine. My desire is to empower a lot of people, I want people to know that, they should just follow their passion and not say because Madinat Sanusi is into it, and therefore you too should venture into it. Is that really what you want or love doing. If not, you will see a lot of things that you don’t like and you will be frustrated to quit. What makes your business peculiar from others in the same line of business? I won’t say my own is peculiar from others. You know everybody has his own gift. I may have been doing some things different from what others are doing, but like I said, I put in my all. I relate with my customers as members of my family, so it is not all about that money. What are the challenges you have been confronted with in the course of your business and how have you been able to surmount them? Different challenges, you know the economic situation in the country is not helping matters. You also know that there are a lot of people who know next to nothing about the business, they just go about rubbishing the whole thing. But because of my own way of doing things, the situation has not really affected me because my customers believe in me; people still call me for jobs. What is your advice to a young woman who aspires to be in your shoes, businesswise? They can have their certificate/degrees or working experience but it is wise to have a skill. They should also know that whatsoever is worth doing is worth doing well. The space is wide enough to accommodate everybody. Any lessons learnt? I have seen a lot and learnt a lot. When I left the banking sector, so many people could not believe me, but some encouraged me. Was the online businesses boosted during the pandemic or did it challenge it negatively? Well, from my own perspective, I feel it kind of forced us all to think out of the box. It is no longer a case of this is how I am used to doing things. No. You just have to find a way around it. Where we usually think there was no way, people found a way around it. Where we thought people did not make it, you will be surprised they were able to find a way out of it. I give God the glory. In everything I thank God. We look forward to seeing 2021 as a far better year.