…Resumes As Women Affairs Perm Sec. ABUJA- The newly redeployed Permanent Secretary to the Federal Ministry of Women Affairs and Social Development, Dr. (Mrs) Anthonia Akpabio Ekpa, has vowed to bring her passion in gender and women to bear in order to realize the agenda of government in the ministry. Ekpa made this known on Teusday after a brief hand over ceremony between her and the outgoing Permanent Secretary, Dr. (Mrs) Ifeoma Adaora Anyanwutaku, at the Ministry in Abuja. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Ekpa described her redeployment to Women Affairs, as a God-given opportunity to share her passion with others in the ministry, stressing that her PhD centered around Gender and Women studies. Her words: “I happen to have some interest in gender. I did my Gender/ Women studies in my PhD. I have some knowledge of what you are doing here. It is a passion and God has given me an opportunity to share with you. Social Investment Programme: Over 12 Million Households Benefitted From Project In Last 5-Years- FG APC ‘ll Not To Be Distracted By PDP’s Ranting-Caretaker Committee “The outgoing Perm Sec has told me how good you are. She said the directors here are very hard working, they are collaborative, cooperative. So you are a team and I am part of the team. So we continue where she stopped. “I will give the Minister, whom I respect very much all the support that she deserves so the agenda of government will be realized. What I say you are privileged about is that you are at the centre of the issues that pertain to your mothers and your daughters. I will solicit your cooperation I know you will give me that and we will do our very best also” she stated. Meanwhile , Dr. (Mrs) Ifeoma Adaora Anyanwutaku, said her short stay at the Ministry was worthwhile due to the immense support she received from the staffs. Anyanwutaku, however, assured the incoming Per Sec a promising work experience in the ministry, while urging the the staffs to extend the support to the new Permanent Secretary. Saying, “Its a mixed feelings considering that I had a very short time of three months in the ministry. “It was worthwhile for me being the first time I was leaving the federal Ministry of Labour and Employment where I spent seven years. “I enjoyed every moment of my stay. I want to thank everybody here for your cooperation because you made my stay here worthwhile. “And I only ask that you also extend the same level of cooperation to the incoming Permanent Secretary. As I leave, you never know, our paths may cross again. And I thank you all for the cooperation I have received in this ministry. On that note, I will like to officially hand over to you the incoming Perm Sec with this hand over note which you later append your signature”, she said.