Prof. Yunus Adeleke Dauda of the Department of Industrial Relations and Human Resource Management Lagos State University, Ojo, Lagos, also the Chief Executive/Chief Consultant of the Decent Work Labour and Skills Development Services (DWLSDS, in this interview with SYLVESTER ENOGHASE, spoke on Dangote Group’s unemployment reduction strategies and need for government to create enabling environment for the industrial sector. Excerpts: Dangote Refinery recently announced that it will employ over 250,000 workers at completion. What Impact will it have on the national economy? Increasing unemployment has led to inequality and poverty which had precipitated crisis and unstructured violence in Nigeria. Despite Nigeria economic problems which are traced to the constraints of fluctuating oil price globally. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Dangote Group ventured into Oil and Gas companies to solve the perennial problems of importation of refined petroleum products to Nigeria, to conserve Nigeria foreign exchange, to solve incessant problem of oil shortages in Nigeria and Africa, to reduce unemployment and to promote national economy. The recent announcement that Dangote Refinery will employ over 250,000 workers is positive announcement to the Nigerian labour market. Oparah Named ‘Best Corporate Communications Director 2020’ Xiaomi Penetrates Nigerian Smartphone Market with MI 10T Series This will make Dangote Group not only the second largest employer of labour in the formal sector after governments but the largest contributor in the private sector to the national economy. The impact of this is that it will lead to the reduction of unemployment problem and relieve the government and of the problem that are associated with it in Nigeria. Unemployment has been the major challenge in Nigeria. What should government do to reduce the level of unemployment? Unemployment arises when supply of labour exceeds the demand. In Nigeria there was a great increase in population since the 1990’s and the increase is about 2.5% annually since 2000. Nigeria was estimated to be about 207 million people in March 2020. Increased population led to rapid expansion of educational system and turning out of large numbers of graduates from them. It is claimed that training received in tertiary institutions does not prepare the youth for employment. High level unemployment means that labour effort is being wasted instead of being used to produce goods and services. Government approach to unemployment reduction should be based on the proper understanding of the components of the unemployment problem which are cyclical forces, structural change and labour market problems. Cyclical Forces relate to an inadequate level of aggregate demand. The remedies for the impact of recession on the level of unemployment are usually seen as raising the level of aggregate demand The Structural Change is an attempt to provide policies to make manufacturing sector internationally competitive. It involves raising productivity levels in the economy (which aid the efficiency) and changing entrepreneurial attitude to the benefit of exporting. Labour Market Reform placed emphasis on the need to improve the price flexibility in labour market; the need to improve the flexibility of the nature of jobs; and improvement of attitude and effectiveness of the employees at the enterprise level. Unemployment problem can be reduced through the following specific policies and programmes: Intensive agricultural support to encourage the youth to go to agriculture to create employment and reduced rural-urban migration; Support for universities, research institutes and companies research and development (R&D); Apprenticeship and entrepreneurships training to be given to the unemployed youth; Promotion of non-standard forms of work such as part-time work temporary work, contractual arrangement and disguised employment; Improved sectoral employment by government through support to private sector or public private project (PPP); Resuscitation of maintenance clause in all roads and new project contracts to create employment ; Provision of modern technology for cleaning and refuse disposal jobs to make it attractive to youths; and Government to promote combination of contracting and employment policies for all projects. Others are environmental sub-sector and tourism should be encouraged to create new jobs for the unemployed; National farmer credit programme to be provided to the unemployed to stimulate and encourage youth employment in agriculture; Provide incentives for jobs such as sanitation and beautification of in urban and rural areas to create employment; Provide fiscal incentives such as tax holidays to the multinational and national companies that encourage youth fabricate and trained for research and development; Fabrication of tools and equipment should be linked to maintenance and employment generation; Government to provide youths with required working skills and technical and vocational education training (TVET) be provided for all students; Massive rehabilitation of abandoned roads and other projects to be pursued to create employment; Promotion of programmes such as graduate self employment scheme, graduate farers scheme family business support schemes which are directed to provide loans and grants for unemployed youth; Opening up of undeveloped and underdeveloped area of the economy such as solid minerals, tourism, parts and equipment fabrication, export promotion by the government. These will encourage the unemployed youth to engage in vocational and other business and entrepreneurial skills and enable them engage in self-employment in the formal and informal sectors. The unemployed youth will be able to establish small businesses, small scale industries, and engage in agriculture and to participate actively in special works. Dangote has become the biggest employer of labour with its Pan-African operations. What are the benefits of this to the African continent in general? Nigeria successive governments have provided many policies and legislation to enable investors get maximum benefit from all international trade agreements. Nigeria government has supported the establishment of the new African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AcFTA). Its objective were to boost African productive capacity, improve trade and finance, promote trade information, provide trade related infrastructure, encourage integration and promote capital flows. Dangote Group as the major contributor to the industrial growth of Nigeria and therefore, a great contributor to the largest national economy in Africa has promoted all the AcFTA and other international trade organisation’s objectives such as Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and World Trade Organisation (WTO) as the largest conglomerate in Africa. It is into manufacturer of major needs of the people in Africa. The companies produced basic needs of the people such as flour, Salt, Sugar, Pasta, Agro-sack, Fertilizer, Cement, Oil and Gas and others. It also engages in services such as transportation and port operation. Dangote companies established manufacturing companies in all major parts of Nigeria and in some countries in Africa. Many industries and suppliers in the formal and informal sectors were also established to provide raw material and other services to the Dangote Group of companies. Dangote Group is has contributed to the achievement of the objectives of international trade organisation. Dangote Group has increased Nigeria volumes of trade in the international market by increasing Nigeria domestic export and by opening up the country’s companies and economy to trade flows. It makes quality goods and services available to the African people at international competitive prices to African people. Dangote Group increases the availability of foreign currency to the country which could help in stabilising the exchange rate and build up foreign exchange reserve for the country. The group has engaged in best practice in its international financial transaction that gives the country better reputation and improved credit. What are the consequences of unemployment in the Nigeria quest for economic development? Unemployment posed a great challenge as it makes it difficult to create and find jobs for large number of graduates from Nigeria universities, polytechnics and other tertiary institutions as well as the secondary schools. Successive democratic governments have tried to promote increases in productive employment in all sectors. But the economic, social and political challenges have always militated against government policies and programmes. The increasing inequality, crisis and poverty that could be traced to increasing unemployment posed greater danger to democratic governance and national security. One of the major methods of reducing unemployment is to create jobs which Dangote Group consistently pursued since its establishment.