Kano State Tuberculosis and Leprosy Control Programme has won the twin National TB and Leprosy awards for the year 2020. A statement by Hadiza Mustapha Namadi Information Office, Kano Ministry of Health that was made available to INDEPENDENT in Kano said the awards were announced by the Nigeria National TB, Leprosy and Buruli Ulcer Control program during the Annual Review meeting held in Port Harcourt, Rivers State Capital. Hajiya Namadi explained that Kano state won the two prestigious awards having emerged as the state with the highest consistent quarterly TB case notification for 2020 and the highest TB testing in the Laboratory using GeneXpert Machine. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The Information officer stated that during the presentation of the awards to the state Commissioner for Health in his Office, Dr. Aminu Ibrahim Tsanyawa appreciated the good efforts and coordination of the TB, Leprosy and Buruli Ulcer Control unit under the Department of Public Health and Disease Control of the Ministry of Health. The Commissioner who applauded the achievements as he stressed this is the first time the State have won such National TB and Leprosy Awards. Bartender Jailed Eight Years For Illegal Withdrawals From Employer’s Account COVID 19: Ekiti Sets Aside N300m For Basic Health Care The Commissioner further thanked the Management of Ahmadiyya Muslims Hospital Kano as one of the nineteen (19) GeneXpert centers in the state and having conducted the highest TB testing across Nigeria that got Kano this befitting award. Dr. Tsanyawa also appreciated all the development partners collaborating with the state government in all aspects of health and general development of Kano state. Earlier during the announcement of the winning of the awards by Kano state in Port Harcourt, the Minister of Health, who was represented by the Director Public Health, Federal Ministry of Health, stated that Kano state merited the awards in view of the efforts of the state Government in detecting and treating all TB cases despite the covid-19 pandemic. The statement further quoted the minister to have said that despite these achievements clearly showed Government’s willingness and commitment to safeguard the health and well-being of the teeming populace as well as stronger collaboration with the development partners.