LAGOS – With high hopes and aspirations, the Lagos State Government insists that total revenue target of N991.03billion for the 2021 financial year is very much feasible, despite global economic crisis occasioned by the COVID-19 pandemic. The Government also argued that as aggressive as the estimates in its N702.935billion budget are, they were based on available economic information and intelligence, and subjected to interrogation across various levels of debate at the State House of Assembly, constituents and other stakeholder groups. Sam Egube, the Commissioner for Economic Planning and Budget, who made the declarations during Facts-Behind-the Figures Media Roundtable on Y2021 Appropriation Budget, on Thursday, noted that estimates were also buoyed by last year’s sterling performance in a very challenging environment. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Egube, who believes that with ‘Budget of Rekindled Hope’ for Lagos state, there are huge revenue-generating opportunities in the state, including real estate, transportation and commerce sectors, told newsmen that, “We will continue to use data and intelligence to unravel revenue opportunities and leakages. The Economic Planning and Budget Commissioner, who was accompanied by other state executive council members, said: “While we were recovering from the pandemic, the #EndSARS protests, the aftermath of its hijack took us back economically and socially, further compounding the situation. Trade, Commerce Ministry Rakes In N700m As AIRS Bars Agents, Associations From Revenue Collection Contractors ln lmo, Out To Make Money –Commissioner “However, attributable to our resilient nature, as at the third week of December 2020, our total revenue performed at 93%, while our total Capital Expenditure and total Recurrent Expenditure performed at 80% and 86%, respectively.” He explained that “A significant percentage of the projected IGR (internally-generated revenue) of N512billion is expected to be contributed by LIRS (Lagos Inland Revenue Service). This, he said, will be achieved by expanding the tax net through a simplified tax process, improving our transaction taxes and the appropriate use of technology. “The Lagos 2021 budget is made up of N702.93 billion for capital expenditure and N460.49 billion for recurrent expenditure, implying 60:40 capital to recurrent ratio against 2020 budget which was at 55:45 capital to recurrent ratio. “The breakdown of Lagos recurrent expenditure shows that total personnel cost (N168.72 billion); total overhead costs (N260.07 billion); and debt charges (N31.87 billion)”, he said. Egube, said the Government had no other choice than to go the route it took with the budget to make a significant impact in the State economy and to improve the wellbeing of all Lagosians. As a result, he assured that no community in the state will be left out in the infrastructure development in the rebuilding of Lagos, to fast-track economic diversification. Mr. Rabiu Olowo, the Lagos State Commissioner for Finance, during the ‘Facts-Behind-the-Figures’ on the state’s 2021 budget, said that the loans to be taken by the state government to finance the budget would be in naira to protect the state from exchange rate risk. He said: “On deficit financing, of course, we know that most part of the budget is predicated on revenue. “We cannot depend on our own internally generated revenue or federal transfers that we get from the federal government to have the kind of development that Lagos needs at this time. That means that we have to go out and borrow. “The breakdown of the N192 billion deficit financing as shown in the budget, we will go out for some domestic fundraising in local capital market through the bond of about N100 billion. “We will do an external loan of about N52 billion and we will also do an internal loan of about N41 billion, and everything adds up to about N192 billion.” He, however, said the benchmark on revenue-to-debt service in the 2020 budget was lower than the two bench state closed 2020 at 19.8 per cent. marks being followed, adding that the Olowo explained: “I think what is more important is our sustainability benchmark. To answer the question straight, we have two benchmarks that we follow. “There is the federal Debt Management Office benchmark of 30 per cent, revenue to debt, and of course, there is the World Bank benchmark, which is 40 per cent. So on that basis; we closed the year 2020 at 19.8 per cent, very far low from any of the benchmarks that I am talking about. “And I think the question also moves to what will be the implication of the additional debt, giving the 2021 budget. We see ourselves landing at about 22 per cent, giving all the numbers, revenues and the additional debt we will put on our activities for 2021.” According to him, Lagos State debt charges as shown in the budget is about N31 billion while its total debt repayment, including CDSA principal and interest, is about N158 billion. He also revealed that the government has made a total provision of N167.8 billion for the aggressive development and maintenance of infrastructure across the state in 2021. He noted that a Project Stabilisation Fund for various projects across the state was budgeted at N19.5 billion, while a provision of N15 billion was made for rebuilding Lagos Project/Trust Fund; the Lagos–Badagry Expressway is expected to gulp N5.9bn. He, however, said that the State Infrastructure Intervention Fund for Roads within Local Government and Local Community Development Areas would cost N10 billion and the reconstruction of Lekki-Epe Expressway from Eleko junction to Epe T-junction Lekki Regional Roads would cost N11 billion. On 4th Mainland, Engr Aramide Adeyoye, the Special Adviser for Works and Infrastructure to the Lagos State Governor, emphasised that preferred bidder for the much-expected 4th Mainland Bridge will be announced in the third quarter (Q3) of this year. Adeyoye, stated that the state government had so far concluded three out of the six steps in the selection process, adding that the last stage will be concluded between the second and third quarters of the year. She said: “The 3rd Mainland Bridge was constructed well over 30 years ago and we ought to have finished on this 4th Mainland Bridge. “And one of the things that have not allowed us as a people and a nation to actually close out on that is the transparency that we have to show if we are getting funding on a PPP basis. “We started that process in November 2019, when we gave Expression of Interest requests; that way, we declared to the whole world that we are going to throw the field open. Prof. Akin Abayomi, the Commissioner for Health, who defended the Government’s excessive focus on COVID-19 over and above other equally serious if not deadlier health conditions, saying it is to protect the State economy, said: “COVID-19 deserves such excessive attention because it is a global pandemic, which has brought the global economy to its knees and may do so with Lagos economy if not squarely and properly handled.”