There are many words to describe Ani Amatosero including architect, movie producer, businesswoman, and publisher. But one of the major reasons she has become a force to reckon with in the Nigerian film industry is the fact that she brought her architectural skills to bear in Nollywood by creating the first location house in Delta State, making filmmaking easy for moviemakers in the state. In this interview, she speaks on her background and how she became the woman she is today. TOMI FALADE brings excerpts. Where did you spend your formative years? What was it like growing up there? I spent most of my early years in Warri. I attended NNPC Primary School and later FGGC Warri. After that, it was to Enugu for my university. Growing up was more like an all-family affair, we weren’t exposed to friends. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Would you say you were born with a silver spoon? My parents are extremely comfortable. My father is a businessman, and he is still doing business even in his old age. That is where I got my hustling spirit. My mum retired from NNPC, and she is very hardworking too. I tapped from both sides. We were comfortable growing up and never had any reason to wish for richer or better parents. I don’t know about the spoon been golden or wooden. Wande Coal Expresses Frustration Over Being Misunderstood Ill Fortune Befalls Obafemi Hamzat How would you say your background shape your life? To think that at this stage of my life when it’s getting dark, wherever I am, I am always uncomfortable. I feel I should be home before dark. It’s still in me. I choose my friends too. My parents are very choosy when it comes to who visits us and how they dress. It has also shaped my appearance in public places, especially on my social media pages, I choose and select what I post because I really do not intend to break the heart of my parents. What were the core lessons you learnt from your parents while growing up? My parents are disciplinarians. When I was much younger, I used to see them as wicked people. But now, I know what they did for me. I am going to train my kids just the way my parents trained me. They shaped me into what I am and what I am going to be. I couldn’t have wished for a different set of parents. What was the best gift you remember receiving as a child? A bicycle. It was given to me when I passed a particular exam. How and when did your movie career start? Tell us about some of the high and low points of this career? I started when I was in University. But my department was too tough to allow me to be available in Nollywood. I studied Architecture at the Enugu State University of Technology, ESUT. It wasn’t easy adding something else especially when we had to go to the studio almost every night. At some point, I left Nollywood and started publishing. That was in my final year. It wasn’t easy as well, but trust me, it’s now worth it. What was the most difficult thing that ever happened to you in all your years in the film industry and how did you overcome it? The tribalism in Nollywood. It is crazy. I produced my movies and a big production house that has a TV station pirated my movie and aired my sweat on their channel. It’s also really tough making it in Nigeria. But I am grateful to God I have something to do and I am grateful for having staff to pay, that’s a testimony in a country such as this. What do you consider the biggest mistake you have ever made? Not concentrating on my YouTube channel when I opened it in 2015. It was actually monetised, but because I didn’t have a lot of content, I stopped totally. Now that I am back after four years to it, it’s painful to see what I have missed out on. Giving up and not trusting myself in that aspect is actually a huge pain. What are some of your indelible high points in life? When I set up my location house, it was the first in Delta State. By the grace of God, it has been a year and six months. We have been working tirelessly all through. It was a great idea and I pursued it and it came to pass. There is nothing like seeing your seed grow. Nollywood can testify about Effixzzy Villa. It is a huge success with a staff strength of six. What is your biggest fear in life? Failure. I am so afraid to fail because I hate to be rejected. I cannot beg for food, fuel, rent and all. I hate rejection, so I always put my feet down and bring out ideas to create wealth. That is where my magazine came from, my movie productions, my location film house and now my Youtube channel has picked up. They are all connected one way or the other, so they are not too much to handle. Are there still things you desire? Yes. I will leave it in my heart until it comes to pass. When it’s done, you will be informed. What are some of the lessons life has taught you? Never to put your trust in man.