Oyo State Police Command Headquarters Eleyele Ibadan, under the able watch of the State Commissioner for Police, CP. Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu has confirmed arrest of some suspects in connection with the killing incidents in Ibarapa area of the State. CP. Nwachukwu while reacting to the sad incidents that led to the recent killings of two 9- year old cousins and a business woman in Ibarapa, through a statement that was issued and signed by the State Police Public Relation Officer, SP. Olugbenga Fadeyi maintained that the police are on top of the situation to bring all the culprits to book. According to a copy of the statement that was made available to INDEPENDENT stated that the attention of the Commissioner of Police, Oyo State Command, CP Joe Nwachukwu Enwonwu, have been drawn to the two incidents that happened at Idere in Ibarapa central Local Government Area where a business woman and two 9-year old cousins were killed by unknown gunmen and abduction of another man known as Dr. Akindele in Tapa in Ibarapa North Local Government Area of Oyo State on the 2nd of January, 2021. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The statement stated further that the CP. Nwachukwu wishes to state that in the incident of murder at Idere where three persons were killed, some suspects have been arrested through collaborative efforts of the Police and other local security i.e. Vigilantes, hunters etc and that investigation has commenced and the outcome will be made public in due time. Furthermore, intensive manhunt is still ongoing around the area to arrest other fleeing suspects (if any) and at the same time massive deployment emplaced to restore confidence to the community in particular and the whole Ibarapa axis in general. Nwachukwu according to the statement stressed further that the abduction of Dr. Akindele in his hospital though not officially reported to the Divisional Police headquarters in Ayete as stated by the DPO was an issue of concern. NIN- SIM Integration: Minister Directs Suspension Of NIMC Staff Over Extortion Train Accident Kills 3 In Central Tanzania The Police Chief maintained that he is commitment to rejig the security architecture of the area more than the former year 2020, noted that, concerted efforts have been put in place to protect lives and property of Ibarapa axis in particular and the whole Oyo State in general. CP.. Nwachukwu however made use of the opportunity to further assure all and sundry in Oyo State that adequate security measures have been emplaced to professionally prevent any breakdown of law and order in the State. He stated that the good people of Oyo State are enjoined to go about their lawful businesses without any fear of molestation from any individuals, persons, or groups while decrying the sudden increase in rate of abduction in the State and the need to be more careful in our daily activities to stem the tide. He concluded that as a new year package, the Command expects collaboration and prompt dissemination of credible information from members of the public as the Police in turn will give quality service delivery. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION