…Sets Up Reconciliation Committee Onitsha- Governor Willie Obiano of Anambra state’s recognition and issuance of certificate of returns to Chief Chris Ndibe as Igwe N’Ewu Ndo 1 of Umuolum Community, Anyamelum Local Government Area, 10-years after, has restored everlasting peace to the community. In expressing satisfaction, cabinet Chiefs immediately set up a 10-Man Reconciliation Committee to reconcile with all aggrieved persons. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The new monarch, HRH Igwe Chris Chibuogu Ndibe and his cabinet chiefs, yesterday, during the annual meeting of the community extended hands of fellowship to some persons in the community who contested to the Igweship throne but were allegedly defeated. A chieftain in the community and member of the Igwe ‘s cabinet, Chief Anierobi Mocha, told newsmen that His Royal Highness, Igwe Chris Chibuogu Ndibe and his cabinet Chiefs, had already constituted a 10-man reconciliation committee to meet with aggrieved defeated candidates, Chiefs Mike Udemezue Okoye and Johnson Emena Obiora. Moghalu Congratulates Obiozor, New Ohaneze Ndigbo President-General SMBLF Appoints Nwodo As National Coordinator Chief Mike Udemezue Okoye was the presumed Igwe- elect of Umuolum community on February 20, 2011 before a certificate of recognition was issued to Chief Chris Ndibe few months ago by the Commissioner for Local Government and Chieftaincy matters, Mr. Greg Obi. Recall that Umuolum Community had been without a traditional ruler since the demise and last Ofala of Igwe Benjamin Nkwute Achebe in 2008. HRH Igwe Chris Ndibe (Igwe n’ Ewu Ndo 1 of Olum ancient kingdom) told his cabinet chiefs at his palace last week that efforts were being made towards ensuring that peace returned to the ancient Umuolum kingdom in other to move the community forward and therefore solicited for their support. Among those that attended the Umerum General Assembly (UGA), held at the town hall, Umuoli, and presided over by the President General of Umuolum town union (UTU) Hon. Ebubechukwu Onuorah, included, His Royal Highness, Igwe Chris Ndibe, past Presidents-General of Umuolum town union, Chief Dr. Ben Eze Agbogu, Nnamdi Aniegboka, and Peter Nwabude. Others were, a business man and contractor, Chief Uduezuo Ubah, former Chairman of Ayamelum leaders of thought and Senior lecturer at Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University, Igbariam campus, Rev. Fr. Prof. Ben Okwu Eboh, an Enugu based politician and illustrious son of the town, Engr. Onuorah Ayaunor. Also in attendance were the secretary of Umia village, Chief Uyaemesi Morah, Chairman of APGA and Secretary, Ayamelum Local GovernmentEducation Authority, Hon. Emma Makwudo, among others.