The Tokyo Olympics will be cancelled if the coronavirus makes hosting the event in its revised 2021 date unsafe. Giving credence to this is Japanese cabinet minister Taro Kono, who admitted a decision on the holding of the Olympics and Paralym­pics “could go either way”. Kono spoke at the Reuters Next conference amid con­cerns that the coronavirus pandemic could prevent the Games from going ahead. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said that the country is still continuing efforts to host the delayed Games, set to open on July 23, but admitted it was far from cer­tain that the event would go ahead. Earlier this month, a state of emergency was de­clared in Tokyo in a bid to curb a spike in coronavirus cases in the Japanese cap­ital. Spanish Super Cup, CHAN 2020, Copa Del Rey, Live On StarTimes This Weekend Eaglets Romps Into Semi-Finals In Togo! Tokyo on Thursday re­ported a total of 1,502 new cases, with the nationwide figure hitting 6,566. “We need to do the best we can to prepare for the Games at this moment, but it could go either way,” Kono told Reuters. “Anything is possible, but as the host of the Games we need to do whatever we can, so that when it’s a go, we can have a good Olympic Games. “The Olympic Commit­tee must be thinking about Plan B, Plan C. “But the situation is not easy.” The spike in coronavirus cases in Tokyo has coincid­ed in decreasing support in Japan for the Olympic and Paralympic Games going ahead later this year. A recent Kyodo News survey found around 80 per cent of Japanese people want this year’s Olympic and Paralympic Games in Tokyo to be cancelled or postponed. Despite the slump in sup­port, Takeshi Niinami has called for Japan to continue to make every effort to host the Games. Niinami serves as head of Japanese beverage group Suntory Holdings and acts as an economic advisor to Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga. “I’m not sure whether we’ll be able to hold the To­kyo Olympics or not,” Niin­ami told Reuters. “But it’s a great message to the world, as overcoming the battle against COVID. “Definitely, we should make every effort.” Niinami suggested the fate of the Games was like­ly be decided by the end of March, where the results of Government efforts to curb the spread of coro­navirus are expected to be known. March has also been ear­marked as a possible month for the decision on whether spectators will be permit­ted to attend the Olympic Games. Tokyo 2020 President Yoshirō Mori claimed ear­lier this week a decision would be taken in the next two months. The Tokyo 2020 Olympics are scheduled to run from July 23 to August 8, with the Paralympics due to follow from August 24 to Septem­ber 5. President of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) Amaju Pinnick has ex­plained why he is support­ing owner of Mamelodi Sundown of South Africa, Patrice Motsepe, to become the next president of the Confederation of African Football (CAF). Despite having other West Africa candidates vying for same position, Pinnick has decided to pitch his tent with the Southern African candidate after he dumped his own ambition. The Motsepe campaign team has recently been to Nigeria, Ghana, Cote d’Ivo­ire, Burkina Faso, Guinea Conakry, Togo and Benin. While South Africa Foot­ball Association (SAFA) President, Dr. Danny Jordaan and his Nigerian counterpart, Pinnick have been headlining the cam­paign, they were joined by the FA presidents of the visited West African coun­try. “This campaign has been an all-inclusive in which the aforementioned countries’ FA Presidents joined the team to promote Mr. Mo­tsepe as an ideal candidate to lead CAF to what we want the continental body to be and that is to compete glob­ally as an equal partner. ‘’In West Africa, we were well received and it was a brilliant tour. Here is a busi­nessman doing business in more than 41 African coun­tries and employing the youth of Africa. “His vision is to take Af­rican football to the next stage, he will make a huge difference and making him Africa’s preferred candidate for CAF President’s position is a no-brainer,’’ Pinnick told SAFA. Apart from meeting the Togo, Benin, Cote d’Ivoire, Guinea Conakry and Burki­na Faso FA Presidents, the Motsepe Team has so far been to various other Afri­can countries.