The Standards Organisation of Nigeria (SON) has urged the Association of Nigerian Licensed Customs Agent (ANLCA) to expose unscrupulous elements that hide under the association to perpetuate dubious crimes. Mallam Farouk Salim, the SON Director General in an interactive session with ANLCA in Lagos, stated that exposing dealers would go a long way to protect the image of the association as well as safeguarding the lives and property of Nigerians. He said the impact of substandard good on the nation was huge leading to job losses, pointing out that substandard goods have no economic value. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He reiterated the agency’s resolve towards combating fake and substandard goods in the country while also improving the lives of Nigerians through quality assurance. He called on Nigerians to be patriotic to take the country to the next level, pointing out that doing things the right way would make Nigeria achieve economic stability while also preparing for the unborn generation. Government Policies Chasing Nigerian Importers To Ports Of Neighboring Countries – Uzodinma The Synergy Between NAGAFF And ANLCA Is Very Strong – Tanko Iju Tony Nwabunike, the ANLCA President, while responding, restated the association’s commitment to work with SON. He said SON’s automation process scheduled to be in full gear next year would make cargo clearance seamless at the ports. “We are going forward and we are hoping to see a very wonderful automation of SON,” he said. He said with the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AFCFTA) scheduled to commence next year, there is an urgent need for all hands to be on deck to make Nigeria goods competitive. “The trade pact would expose so many things and on that note I will want you to buckle your shoes more on areas of partnership with Nigerian Customs to achieve seamless port operations. “We are going to do so many things to challenge our African counterparts on areas of commodities and products. He assured SON that it would engage importers to always insist on standards whenever they import, stressing that standards must not be compromised. “We would put our heads together and also tell our importers that whenever they go to import, they must always insist on standards and these standards cannot be compromised.