Speculation was rife in the media towards the last days of 2020 that this year, 2021, would be a bad year for the Naira. It was so alarming that the Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, Godwin Emefiele had to embark on tepid damage control by saying that the Naira would bounce back in February this year. What this means is that there is a gang up against the Naira. They want to further devalue the currency of Nigeria. There is a universal maxim that the value and exchange rate stability of a nation’s currency determines the health and buoyancy of its economy especially its foreign reserves. A currency is adjudged weak when the reserve is in red while it is strong or hard if the reserve is floatable. Several factors, mostly economic variables, are responsible for the fall or stability in the value of a nation’s currency. But in the case of Nigeria’s Naira, it is slightly different as human factors account for the vagaries in its rating. Foreign exchange market did not develop early in the country because the defunct Nigerian Pound was tied at par with the British Pound, and even when the Naira was introduced in 1973, it retained the rate of the old Pound with the economy being at its greatest height following the windfall from the oil boom. Nobody bothered about the intricacies of a foreign exchange market. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! In 1982, controls were applied for the first time in the FOREX market due to flagrant abuses such as capital flight through over invoicing, depletion of foreign reserves expended in the purchase of luxury items, and crises caused by the ever rising demand for foreign exchange. This led to the development of the black (paralleled) market and “round tripping” diversion of forex from official sources to unauthorised outlets since all legal forex dealings were hitherto handled exclusively by the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN). The controls which were part of the “austerity measures” adopted by the then Shehu Shagari-led civilian government did not stop seedy politicians from looting the reserves red. Sterner measures applied by the military rulers in 1984, by allowing banks to approve forex transactions and limits set for individual possessions, failed as citizens and Asian nationals in Nigeria perfected means of making huge profits from illegal deals in foreign exchange. On Buhari: Why I Seriously Disagree With Bishop Kukah To Be At Your Best In 2021 The Structural Adjustment Programme (SAP) introduced in September 1986 by the Ibrahim Babangida military regime ushered in the most lively activities ever witnessed in foreign exchange transactions as two markets were created: First Tier with fixed rates for public expenditure, and Second Tier Foreign Exchange Market (SFEM) for private sector use attuned to market forces. It was the first time the Naira was devalued from parity to N4 to the Dollar. But the system was abandoned due to increased sharp practices among officials of the CBN, Bureaux de change, commercial banks, and paralleled markets which also led to further devaluation of the Naira. Government resorted to sharing forex to banks but, again, it found its way into the black market as the gap between the official rate of N22 to the Dollar and N60 to the Dollar, respectively, widened. To check the ugly trend, the Naira was finally allowed to float in the official market and find its level in 1992. This also failed to yield the desired result of stabilizing the currency. Yet, unguarded deregulation of the economy was launched in 1995 when the system returned to two tiers forex markets. Autonomous Foreign Exchange Market (AFEM) which stabilized the Naira at N80 to N85 to the Dollar and official rate of N22 with government full funding eliminated speculative buying. Even when some banks were facing disciplinary action for their involvement in acts deemed as economic sabotage, the importance of foreign exchange in an import-based economy such as Nigeria was not realised by the Sani Abacha regime. The government itself did not award stiffer sanctions to deter further institutional abuses. Government was however not very careful in its attempt to further deregulate the economy as such actions in recent times even led to the abuse of the liberalized Basic Travel Allowance (BTA), and other forms of currency repatriation by some banks and their clients, who made spurious demands that led to devaluation from N80 to N85 to the Dollar. All over the world, currencies are devalued to achieve targeted economic goals. For instance, the Yen is devalued to make Japanese exports more competitive in the world market while it is raised in seasons of massive importation. Nigerians had thought that the first major challenge of the present democratic dispensation would be to redress the dwindling status of the nation’s currency thereby reflating this highly inflated economy. During the first few years of the Obasanjo administration, the Naira ironically jumped to N170 to the Dollar. Yar’Adua and Jonathan maintained a marginal rise which saw the Naira hovering between N180 and N185 to the Dollar. But, alas! The situation has even gone worse with the Buhari administration which promised Nigerians that it would make the Naira at par with the Dollar, if voted into power. The Naira now exchanges more than N300 to the Dollar just within seven months of the All Progressives Congress (APC) government. And the monoculture economy which is largely dependent on oil, is still import-driven. A rare opportunity to boost the strength of the Naira with a huge $65bn in foreign reserves during the last oil boom of the Obasanjo administration was grossly abused or ignored by the CBN under an economic theorist, Prof. Charles Soludo. Worse still, the present political and economic managers of the country seem helpless about the lingering menace of the black market and the astonishing loopholes in the financial sector. This is because most of them are conspirators in the gang up against the Naira. But, who will salvage the Naira? Who will break the monopoly of the CBN in the foreign exchange gambit? Why is it that when the oil is sold in Dollars, the CBN keeps the Dollar components and prints paper money to the tiers of government? Why are Nigerian banks the sole looters of our oil revenue leaving social infrastructure in comatose? When will Nigeria call the bluff of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank? When will our Naira stop tumbling like a pack of cards? SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION