LAGOS- The Olori Ebi of Onisiwo Family, Pa Sikiru Akanni Oduwole has appealed to the Ministry of Chieftaincy Affairs to stop meddling with chieftaincy matters in Lagos State. Oduwole said said that dabbling into chieftaincy matters is tantamount  to provoking more problems for the state. The Onisiwo family leader also frowned at the proposed plan of Lagos government to review chieftaincy matters, stressing that it was rather suspicious and dangerous. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said, “All the government needs to do is to be sincere and stop putting non family members as Obas or Chiefs. It is the responsibility of the family to select and appoint their bonafide sons to the throne through their Olori-Ebi and the selected person to be accepted by the government. “Enough is enough” for the government to be involved in family chieftaincy matter”. Chief Oduwole also appealed to other ruling houses in Lagos State  to  speak out against the way the Ministry of Chieftaincy Affairs is meddling with the Chieftaincy Law. Kontagora: Benue Declares Tuesday Work-Free Court Nullifies Sack Of Tribune Staff “It is unfortunate that anyone can basically scheme his way to the Royal stool as long as you are close to power. This does not bode  well for our heritage.” Adding, “This Is the anomaly that is threatening our tradition in Lagos State  today and if care is not taken, we will be opening a Pandora’s box where a  non-indigenous  person can  lay claim  to  the traditional stool of our forefathers”,  Chief Oluwole observed. The Olori Ebi of Onisiwo Family, Pa Sikiru Akanni Oduwole, also condemned the proposed review of Chieftaincy Laws by Lagos State Government. He said the proposed review of the Obas and Chiefs of Law of 2015 by the Ministry of Justice “is needless” since the Director, Aderinsola Olanrewaju, said the legislation was a good law. Oduwole said, “So, why the need to review at this present time of hardship and insecurity in the state?  What is so paramount and demanding for this proposed  review amid various contentions afflicting the state? This should not be the relevant concern of the state amid more  grave matters affecting our lives. Indeed we live in a very fragile time.”