CHIOMA UMEHA; INNOCENT OWEH LAGOS / ABUJA – Experts have warned against an­other lockdown to fight the second wave of COVID-19 infections in the country, noting that it would drive Nigeria into perma­nent recession. In the same breath, they have flayed Nigerians’ disre­gard for the non-pharmaceu­tical protocols advised by the Federal Government. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! It would be recalled that the National Coordinator of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, Sani Aliyu, on Thursday, January 7, said that the Federal Govern­ment may impose a fresh lockdown on the country if the rising cases of COVID-19 infections recorded lately continue. According to the experts, made up of researchers and doctors from the Nigeria Medical Association (NMA) and medical institutes, an­other lockdown without palliatives would create socio-economic hardship among the general populace. 2023: Why APC Should Nominate Southerner As Presidential Candidate — Sagay Delta, Imo, Enugu, Oyo, Others Get New Police Commissioners However, they noted that whether a lockdown was imposed or not, strict adher­ence to COVID-19 rules and regulations was obligatory, adding that failure by Nige­rians to comply with the pro­tocols was the cause of the second wave of infections and fatalities. One of them, President of the Nigeria Medical As­sociation, Professor Inno­cent Ujah, while dismissing the clamour for lockdown, said: “My own view is that we are not compliant with COVID-19 rules. “Nigerians should be com­pliant with the NCDC proto­col, that is the first thing to do. It is not just about lock­down; if you lock down and people are not compliant, it will not work. “So, we must accept the fact that we must comply with the NCDC protocol. “Lockdown, I accept, is to stop transmission, but it has its economic and social consequences. “So, we have to balance the economy, social circum­stances, and health – it is ideal if we have everything, if we have palliative. “If people have palliatives and they can eat and meet their basic obligations, then obviously we may be able to lockdown. “In a situation where we do not have the palliatives, locking down would drive us into a permanent recession.” On how to flatten the curve and avert the third wave of infection, the former Director-General of NIMR stressed, “What we should do is that Nigerians should play their own role. “And the role they should play is one: to accept that there is COVID-19. “If they accept that there is COVID-19, then they must obey the NCDC protocol of regular hand washing, use of sanitisers, and facemasks or nose masks as they have called it, and then social dis­tancing. “We are not near at all. We have failed in these three components of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) protocols. “Instead of sitting down and talking about the gov­ernment, we should do our own as a people. “I pity my doctors because we are at the firing line; ide­ally by now, if not for the commitment, they would have said sorry, we cannot continue, but they have con­tinued to show their commit­ment. “So, let every Nigerian show their commitment to the national response. And the one that the public will do is to observe the NCDC protocol.” Prof. Dimie Ogoina, a Pro­fessor of Medicine and Con­sultant, Infectious Diseases, at the Niger Delta Univer­sity and Teaching Hospital (NDUTH), Bayelsa, said: “I don’t think a ban will solve the problem at this time as Nigeria is already in com­munity transmission and a ban may worsen socio-eco­nomic livelihoods with no advantage to the prevention of COVID-19.” On whether the current surge is due to the COVID-19 variant from the UK and oth­er countries, Ogoina said: “It’s difficult to say if the variant came from the UK. “Coronavirus mutation is not influenced by country or region. Variants can start from any part of the globe, including Nigeria, depend­ing on viral transmission dynamics.” According to him, “Plac­ing a ban on flights from the UK may not solve any prob­lem. Variants don’t spare countries. As of today, more than seven countries have reported the variant.” Ogoina added: “The re­cent upsurge of cases is mainly due to lack of herd immunity and failure to observe public health mea­sures. “Awareness about COVID-19 does not exist, that is the problem. People have a low-risk perception, and this is fueling general apathy to­ward COVID-19. “There is a need to tell more real stories about how COVID-19 has negatively impacted the health and so­cio-economic livelihoods of people.” Similarly, Dr. Chika On­wuamah, Chief Research Scientist for Human Virolo­gy and Genomics at NIMR, gave more reasons why the lockdown would not be the approach towards flattening the curve of the recent surge in infections. Onwuamah said: “Gov­ernment has tried. It’s a difficult decision as both COVID-19 and hunger can kill. “The real problem is how well we are using the preven­tive measures. How constant with masks, social distanc­ing, and hand washing?” Commenting on the new variant, the chief researcher said: “We are not sure if it was imported. Some are say­ing it developed in Nigeria given when the sample with the variant was collected. “Basically, the same vari­ant with other mutations can arise independently in different places.” According to him, “Ban­ning visitors from the UK may not work as we have ev­idence the strain is already here. “However, if we perfect testing before travelling and after arrival, we will have no problem with the imported variant.” As the second wave of the COVID-19 rages across the country, more people are dy­ing from the disease even as health officials have advised stricter adherence to safety measures as the only way to slow down the spread. FG Regrets Lifting Ban On Int’l Travels, Reopening Of Schools Meanwhile, the Federal Government has expressed regret over what it described as hasty relaxation of the lockdown imposed nation­wide last year in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic. Secretary to the Govern­ment of the Federation and Chairman of the Presiden­tial Task Force on COVID-19, Boss Mustapha, gave the in­dication when he stated that late November, 2020, saw an increase in local and inter­national travels, business and religious activities, including the reopening of schools without strict com­pliance with COVID-19 safe­ty measures. According to him, these were among the factors mak­ing the second wave of the infections overwhelming. “It is however very in­structive to stress that fac­tors that have contributed to rise in the numbers from late November 2020 included increased local and interna­tional travels, business and religious activities, reopen­ing of schools without strict compliance with COIVID-19 safety measures.” Boss stated this at the usu­al briefing session in Abuja on Monday to give an update on the management of the pandemic. While painting a gloomy picture of the situation, Boss said reports coming in from all over the world showed that the COVID-19 pandemic was still wreaking huge hav­oc on humanity, economies and systems. He gave a cursory view of the situation in Nigeria, say­ing the country had crossed the 100,000 case mark and was now ranked second in the number of new cases, including attaining the 4th position in cumulative cases in Africa and 5th in cumula­tive deaths. He said last week Nigeria recorded over 9,000 cases, adding that realistically, if the numbers missed were estimated, Nigeria would be in a much higher region. According to him, there was no state in Nigeria that was immune to the pandem­ic even if reports were not coming out of such states. Buttressing his position, he said on January 8, 2021, 833,496 cases were recorded, representing the highest ever since the pandemic started, noting that the three days preceding January 8, each recorded over 700,000 cases. He said global cases had peaked at 90,676,320 mark, while global fatality count was fast approaching the 2 million mark, but global CFR was declining from 2.2 to 2.1%. “The CFR for Africa has also declined from 2.3 to 2.2%, and the WHO African region crossed the 2 million case mark on Wednesday, January 6, 2020,” he noted. He stressed that the rev­elation was presented in or­der to press further the need for all Nigerian residents to elevate the level of our vigi­lance and compliance with the recommended non-phar­maceutical interventions. He warned that the cur­rent wave of infections was swift and virulent, and that the government had no knowledge of how long it would last. Besides, he said the fa­cilities available for the treatment of critical cases remained very limited and that the government did not wish to be overwhelmed. “Your best bet, therefore, is to avoid infections com­pletely,” he remarked. He continued: “The PTF has continued to receive in­quiries about the issue of testing before travelling out of Nigeria. “For the avoidance of doubts, the protocol in Ni­geria requires in-bound passengers to test, not more than 96 hours, before board­ing flights to Nigeria. “However, for passengers leaving Nigeria, it remains the responsibility of travel­lers to confirm the require­ments of the country of destination and that of the carrier of choice. “For in-bound travellers, a new protocol on pre-board­ing has been released and compliance is still strongly recommended. “The additional require­ments for passengers com­ing from the United King­dom and South Africa also remain in force. “Next week the pilot ex­ercise on the use of Rapid Diagnostic Test-Kits (RDTs) will be rolled out in five ter­tiary health institutions in Abuja. “The isolation of different strains of the virus is being vigorously pursued. In this regard, the PTF is working with the Africa CDC and the NCDC on the sequencing of the COVID-19 strains circu­lating in Nigeria. “As part of measures to deepen community engage­ment and enforcement of protocols, the PTF met with the Nigeria Governors’ Fo­rum last week and will be meeting with key religious and traditional leaders soon. It will similarly meet with se­curity agencies. “The third stream of NYSC members will resume on January 18 and the PTF is working closely with the management to ensure that participants are tested and protocols are complied with. “Finally, the PTF has advanced the preparation for the management of all aspects of the vaccines dis­cussed. Particularly, lessons are being drawn from other jurisdictions on the success­es and challenges of the vac­cine administration.” Virus Is Spreading Fast With Mild Symptoms, NCDC Alerts Nigerians The Director General, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC), Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, has warned that the coronavirus pandemic is spreading fast, causing mild symptoms in some victims and severe illnesses and death in others. Ihekweazu disclosed this on Monday in Abuja at the joint national briefing of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19. He said that many victims have continued to experi­ence fatigue and other symp­toms even after recovery. According to him, in the last four weeks, the country has recorded a spike in the number of new COVID-19 cases. “We have now report­ed over 100,000 confirmed COVID-19 cases in Nigeria and this is a stark reminder of the reality we live in now. “A virus that has affected over 100,000 lives and led to over 1,300 deaths within 11 months in Nigeria, with mil­lions more globally. “We cannot be too careful. The silent face of COVID-19 with which you cannot tell whether someone has the virus or not, the only option before us is to take protec­tive measures at all times,” he said. Meanwhile, Ihekweazu said that healthcare work­ers needed now to maintain a higher index of suspicion for COVID-19, noting that “if people were unwell, they should first rule out COVID-19 before treating malaria. “We are rolling out the use of Rapid Diagnostic Test Kits (RDTs) in five in­stitutions in Abuja. This will increase access to test­ing and we then intend to roll out across the country in February. “This will make testing a lot more available to hospi­tals,” he said. The NCDC boss pointed out that there was no state that was spared of COVID-19. “We would have been sur­prised if there were, as our data suggest that we were right in saying that there is COVID circulating in every state of Nigeria and we all have to continue the hard work we have been doing,” he pointed out. The NCDC boss said that the country had reached “a critical level” where the hospital capacity would no longer be able to cope with more serious COVID-19 cas­es and health workers would be forced to make tough de­cisions. “We need to protect our more vulnerable citizens, while we all have to take re­sponsibility because this has gone beyond the NCDC, PTF or government, as all hands must be on deck. “By organising large gatherings indoors, you are not only putting yourself and guests at risk but also the staff who have limited choice but to serve. “By going to clubs, you are putting your parents at risk,” he said. Speaking on COVID-19 fatigue, he said that while Nigerians might all be tired and fed up, the virus was tak­ing advantage of the fatigue and gaining momentum. “By adhering to health measures, wearing masks, washing hands, observing physical distancing, staying at home, avoiding large gath­erings and poorly ventilated indoor space, we can prevent its spread. “Most important of all, the 100,000 cases and over 1,000 deaths are not just numbers, but these are fa­thers, mothers, brothers, sis­ters, children, friends whose deaths will be mourned and the pain of their loss deeply felt,” he pointed out. FG May Review January 18 Resumption Date For Schools Again, the Federal Minis­try of Education has stated that the January 18, 2021, date for schools to resume is not sacrosanct, hence a new date may be announced, depending on the nation’s COVID-19 indicators. The Minister of Educa­tion, Adamu Adamu, gave the hint on Monday in Abu­ja at the joint national brief­ing of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19. The PTF, in December 2020, ordered schools in the country to remain closed un­til January 18, 2021. Adamu said: “When we decided on that date, it was just a target toward what we are working on. “Of course, we are keep­ing it in view and looking at what is happening in the so­ciety and then it is supposed to be subject to constant re­view. “Even today at the PTF meeting, we looked at the rising figures and thought we should probably take an­other look at it. “On the January 18, 2021, date for schools’ resumption, we are reviewing it,” he said. The minister added that the issue was considered at the PTF meeting held on Monday and that the min­istry would take it up on Tuesday. NIN Registration May Be Suspended— Minister Similarly, the ongoing National Identification Number (NIN) enrollment may be suspended consid­ering the large crowds seek­ing registration in centres across Nigeria and the risk of COVID-19, the Minister of State for Health, Olorunnim­be Mamora, has said. He made this remark on Channels TV Sunrise Daily show where he appeared as a guest on Monday. Mamora, who is also a member of the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19, said, “It is displeasing to see crowds gather at the National Identity Manage­ment Commission, (NIMC) offices. “Nobody feels good. I don’t feel good looking at the picture where people are gathered in multitudes. It’s like super spreader events which we don’t like. I’m also aware that the relevant min­istry which is the communi­cations and digital economy is looking at this. “My understanding is that the whole process may be suspended so as to re­order the whole process in terms of management of the crowd because it was never intended that it would be­come a rowdy process like that. So, people may have to wait and be called at inter­vals to go through the pro­cess,” he said. He advised the NIMC “to re-order the enrollment pro­cess,” which he said will help avoid large crowds across the nation. He said the government has a duty to ensure Nigeri­ans are protected at all times. “We have a duty as gov­ernment to ensure that peo­ple are protected; we also have a duty to ensure people comply within the limit of what is good for the society at large,” he said. Anxious Nigerians have continued to gather at NIMC offices across the nation to register for their NINs. The Nigerian Communi­cations Commission (NCC) had directed that subscrib­ers link their mobile num­bers to their NINs or they would be blocked after Jan­uary 18.