The Founder, DrumsView Concepts (A youth Academy), Mr Isioma Williams, says his first quarter programme  “Janggu Drum Training Workshop” has been suspended in compliance with the second wave of Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic guidelines. Williams in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Saturday in Lagos noted that the decision was to compliment government’s effort to flatten the curve of the virus  currently ravaging the society and claiming lives. He noted that in spite of the fact that the workshop meant to empower the youths on traditional drumming through training, the health and life of participants were as important. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “I have stopped plans to hold our first quarter programme ‘Janggu Workshop’ for now and it is basically to comply with government protocol on the COVID-19 second wave. “The pandemic is still wreaking havoc in Lagos, other states and across the globe, as being reported, with increasing deaths related to the COVID-19, so it is proper we all stay safe. Emma Okocha: The Great Chronicler Of The History Nigerians Would Rather Forget Taofeek Olatunbosun Set To Unveil New Book, Ominla the Inexplicable “I am praying and hoping that in no distance time, things will change for good and activities back to normal, so that we can be running our programmes as scheduled,” he said. According to him, the inspiration to promote Nigeria’s culture on the drum beat and place is to meet standards and stand out, adding this has sustained him in the career, amidst challenges. He added that among his programmes, was the drum clinic, organised to further teach the originalities of Nigerian and African drums and drumming culture, so as to improve on the quality. “The whole essence of this Janggu training workshop and drum clinic is to equip ourselves with the knowledge that will help us preserve and promote our culture, which is being embraced by all,” Williams said. The artist advised the participants of the programmes and  the general  public to also embrace all government warning, directives and guidelines rolled out to curb the further spread of the pandemic in the country.