LAGOS  – There is doubt that financial inclusion still has a long way to go in Nigeria, but the digital solutions provided by banks in the country ensure that fewer citizens than ever lack access to vital banking services. Before the Nigerian financial sector underwent a significant transformation, banks were seen as exclusive spaces for a select portion of the population – places where high-earning individuals were the only ones entitled to world-class banking products and services. This misconception left a large part of the population unbanked and unable to benefit from essential financial services. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Digital technology has proven to be a highly effective tool in changing this narrative, driving a change in operating and business models, improving platforms for innovation and creating immense opportunities for monetisation. The technology landscape continues to change through the never-ending rollout of faster, more accessible networks, impacting every component of service delivery – especially in the banking industry. Notore Plans Big For 2021, Records N9.48bn Operating Profit In 2020 Giving.ng Introduces Crowdfunding Platform To LBS Mobile money has been one of the most revolutionary technologies launched in Africa in recent years The Nigerian Communications Commission reported that there were approximately 172 million phone subscribers in the country in 2018, which means that 90 percent of citizens can execute transactions on their phones. There is little excuse, then, for Nigeria’s low level of financial inclusion – just three in 10 Nigerian adults have a bank account, according to Kantar. For instance, Access Bank has always found innovative ways of using mobile technology to reach the unbanked. For example, its popular Unstructured Supplementary Service Data code, *901#, makes it possible for anyone, anywhere, to access financial services using their mobile phone. If Nigeria is to achieve its targeted financial inclusion rate of 80 per cent by the end of this year, more solutions like this will need to be launched. In Nigeria, government policies are now catching up with the consumer shift towards financial technology. This has broken down barriers for financial institutions and is enabling faster, more effective communications between customers and banks. Access Bank has launched Access Closa as a way of harnessing the digital revolution and forging stronger connections with clients. The Access Closa initiative creates ‘micro branches’ across the country in the form of booths placed in local neighbourhoods. Like mobile money offerings, the initiative aims to make financial services accessible to all. The booths are more approachable than branches, meaning banking agents are more available to customers and can tailor their services to the specific needs of the community in which they operate. The technology landscape is proving to be vast and beneficial for the Nigerian economy. Digital innovation helps find solutions to many issues and has a positive ripple effect across various sectors. Access Bank has invested heavily in leading this evolution, forming a partnership with the Africa Fintech Foundry (AFF) to nurture the next generation of cutting-edge financial firms. As a pan-African accelerator, the AFF is designed to find and invest in start-ups that adopt a global outlook while still focusing on Africa. Earlier this year, it organised the AFF Disrupt Conference, bringing together more than 10,000 technology leaders, enthusiasts, innovators and investors in the hope of ‘building a sustainable tech economy’. The event provided an opportunity for networking, knowledge sharing, presentations and pitches, with one start-up being awarded a cash prize of $10,000. Such conferences give technology start-ups a platform to connect with their peers and potential investors in both the financial and technology spaces. Banks and unique tech enablers But contrary to the perception that they are dinosaurs, banks are not oblivious to changing consumer tastes for technology-driven convenience. Despite the exciting growth of fintech, banks still see themselves as well placed for the challenge. Apart from human resources and regulatory spending, banks are spending more today on technology for financial services access than on real estate, Abubakar Suleiman, CEO of Sterling Bank, said. With Specta, a retail lending platform launched in May 2018, Sterling has offered loans of up to N50 billion ($139 million – $1: N360) at an average of N1 million ($2,777) per borrower. Over 500,000 requests have been received on the platform in the two years of operations, Suleiman says. In other words, banks are able to do both aspects of customer acquisition and intermediation if there is no cost-saving incentive to outsource it to other parties. Wema Bank’s ALAT and GT Bank’s new fintech play are the early signs that banks are willing to take up the challenge themselves. However, banks are indeed looking for solutions to problems they would rather not spend time building internally. Suleiman gives two examples of such external features: workplace collaboration tools, and the USSD system from telcos. “We are looking for very specific problem-solving tech,” Suleiman says. “Nobody has given me a solution to the urban poor, and to the cost of managing cash.” “When there is a technology platform that offers a far better proposition to the customer, it is not negotiable. Customers will decide where they spend their valuable naira.” In his view, banks are looking for risk management solution; tools that will help them better interpret data for decision-making and extend the reach of their consumer-facing services. Suleiman says Sterling has collaborated with Social Lender, a fintech that uses borrower’s social media public data as a basis for lending, as well as with Tremendoc, a healthtech startup. In essence, the future of fintech-bank relationships rests on meeting at a point of common needs, where original value is exchanged at mutually beneficial costs. Beyond increasing user metrics, the partnerships should generate more productive value for customers, Suleiman says. Fintechs and banks could do more to increase economic inclusion – providing access to capital and resources (education and health) that trigger productivity and quality of life – instead of financial inclusion, which has often been about merely digitizing access. Entre PSBs PSB is a payment service initiative proposed by CBN in which banking agents, mobile money operators (MMOs), retail chains (supermarkets), telecommunications companies (telcos) that are able to present an initial capital of N5 billion will be given licence to operate under the structures and guideline specified by the apex bank, with the motive but not limited to ensuring access to financial services for the unbanked rural segments of the society. The bank said the agreement in principle (AIP) is in line with its objective of enhancing financial inclusion and the development of the payment system by increasing access to deposit products and payments services through a secured technology-driven environment. The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) approved three new Payment Service Banks (PSBs) a few days after updating its guidelines on August 27, 2020. These companies will be playing in a space that looks to boost financial inclusion. The three PSBs are Hope PSB, a subsidiary of Unified Payments, one of Nigeria’s oldest fintech firms; Moneymaster PSB, a subsidiary of Glo, Nigeria’s second-largest telecom company; and 9PSB, a subsidiary of 9mobile, a telecom company. MTN, Nigeria’s largest telco, operates a mobile money service but remains without a PSB licence. The CBN says it is ready to give out more licences, but the entry requirements are stringent. In 2018, the CBN released a proposed guideline for PSBs, and several of the provisions from that document have been retained in this update, with a few additions. Designed to operate simpler, convenient and more reliable channels for customers to conduct financial services, 9PSB is also the first Payment Service Bank to address critical challenges of the financially excluded customer demography in Nigeria. With the *990# code, customers can own an account with 9PSB and enjoy value-driven propositions with their financial transactions. While examining the 9PSB approach, seasoned Fintech analysts on the panel, which includes Ashley Immanuel, Tunji Andrews, Tracia Ikponmwonba and Adejuwon Soyinka, unanimously agreed that players within the banking sector must be prepared to offer innovative solutions to customers in order to engender trust and flatten the curve among financially excluded rural and urban Nigerians. The CEO of 9PSB, Branka Mracajac stated that the key mitigation strategy that would aid 9PSB in fulfilling the financial inclusion mandate of the Central Bank of Nigeria is by offering compelling products, seamless execution and excellent customer service. “Financial innovation plays a unique role in fostering sustainable and equitable growth primarily among the unbanked and under-banked within the rural areas in Nigeria, and I am very optimistic that 9PSB will drive financial innovation, especially among the youth and women across Nigeria. “This is our goal at 9PSB. It is also why we are here. It is the difference we are committed to making in the Nigerian financial sector,” she said. While acknowledging that infrastructure deficit and geographical coverage limitations have previously affected financial inclusion in Nigeria, Branka said that the key mitigating strategy is to create synergies between agent banking as an important driver of financial inclusion and a superior product mix.