Osita Okechukwu, chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has backed President Mohammadu Buhari faltering steps on restructuring, a key campaign promise of the administration, and instead blame State governors for thwarting the president’s Executive Order No 10, geared towards strengthening democratic institutions in the states. Recall that the governors had approached the Supreme Court to challenge the order signed by Buhari granting financial autonomy the state legislatures and local government Areas. Okechukwu believes the action of the governors constitute an affront on desire of the president to strenghten democratic institutions for good governance. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Lending his voice in defense of the administration over accusations that it has reneged on its promise to restructure the polity, the VON DG said critics should focus the governors ,he said operate like emperors. “For the avoidance of doubt, no critic remembers that President Muhammadu Buhari recently signed into law, Executive Order No 10 of 2020, cited as the implementation of financial autonomy for state legislature and judiciary Order, 2020. If we had opposed the bi-partisan gang up of the State Governors who opposed this Democratic-Game-Changer they could have failed. This is the foundation for grassroots democracy and cornerstone of free and fair elections. It’s as if we had shut our eyes and ears to whatever Buhari does whether good or better? NGO Donates Medical Equipment, Consumables To Hospital In Ogun SWAN Mourns As Oyo Amateur Boxing Chair, Opaleye  Dies “We must reclaim the Executive Order, for if pundits or true democratic patriots had paid attention, they could have supported the key provision of the Executive Order 10, which seeks to enforce financial autonomy of the legislature and judiciary of the states. Executive Order 10, simply delegated power to the Accountant-General of the Federation to deduct from the allocations due to a state from the Federation Account, any sums appropriated for the legislature or judiciary of that state which the state fails to release to its legislature or judiciary as the case may be and to pay the funds directly to the state’s legislature or judiciary concerned.” The law limits itself to only amount appropriated by the States, to safe the leadership of both the legislatures and judiciary from begging cap in hand. “Where is the public interest when governors are behaving like Emperors? Can restructuring be effective when democracy is none existent at the grassroots? Okechukwu asked. “If Nigeria’s State Legislatures remain Rubber Stamp and if State Judiciary are not independent, and local government councils administered in breach of Section 7 of 1999 Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria; how will restructuring work, how will the people’s votes count and how will a dictator like Donald J. Trump be stopped in Nigeria as was done in America?” Okechukwu queried. “If we continue to shut our eyes and ears to whatever President Buhari does, whether good or better how do we construct strong institutions, plant the rule of law, checks and balances and moral authority?Or how do we prepare the material conditions for restructuring or groom future leaders like: a) Vice President Mike Pence, Senator Mitch McConnel, Liz Chiney and a host of other top Republicans who reconvened to ratify Joe Biden’s victory against President Donald J. Trump’s wish to upturn the result with the unholy US Capitol insurrection. b) Gen. Mark Mulley and other Joint Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces who endorsed the result of the election and rejected Trump’s inquisition. c) Brad Raffensperger, Secretary of State Georgia, whom Trump begged to add 11,780 votes to upturn the election, who democratically replied, “Well Mr President, the challenge that you have is the data you have is wrong.” d) Mike Shirkey, and Lee Chatfield, both Republican majority leader and Speaker of Michigan respectively that mustered the needed democratic power to say, “We will follow the law and follow the normal process regarding Michigan’s elections, just as we have said throughout this election.” e) Amy Coney Barret, Justice of the US Supreme Court recently appointed by Trump who joined other Supreme Court Justices in dismissing Trump’s proxy suit from Texas against Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. “Texas has not demonstrated a judiciary cognizable interest in the manner in which another State conducts its elections.” “Restructuring has to start from the sub-national level to be meaningful in Nigeria. That’s where Executive Order 10 comes in the equation of restructuring.”