Stakeholders in Education sector in Ebonyi State have passed confidence vote on the Governor David Umahi for giving Education sector the largest chunk of the 2021 budget. This was part of the outcome of the meeting of the group held at People’s Club Abakaliki, wherein they noted that the Governor had surpassed the UNESCO standard for budgetary allocation to education sector. The Ebonyi State Ministry of Education got the total of N23,913,778,152bn, representing 19.47% which is the highest in the 2021 budget. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! In a motion moved by the State Chairman of All Nigeria Conference of Principals of Secondary Schools (ANCOPSS) Mr Ovuoba Donatus Abel, and seconded by the State Chairman of Junior Secondary School Principals Association of Ngeria (JUSSPAN), Comrade Nweke Shadrach, the group noted they passed vote of confidence on the Governor for his styling performances, especially in education sector and pledged their unalloyed support to the policies and programmes of the State government. “We have carefully considered the litany of the achievements of His Excellency, Engr Chief David Umahi, in the State’s Education and we wish to say that we are proud of him and it is on the strength of this, that we hereby pass vote of confidence on him”, Mr Ovuoba said. NGO Donates Medical Equipment, Consumables To Hospital In Ogun SWAN Mourns As Oyo Amateur Boxing Chair, Opaleye  Dies The Education stakeholders also resolved to abolish any form of dichotomy existing between the staff of junior secondary schools and their counterparts in the senior level, which they identified to be breeding disharmony in the schools. Earlier, the State Commissioner for Education, Dr Onyebuchi Chima, highlighted on the achievements of the Governor in Education, noting that the State Ministry of Education got the highest allocation in the 2021 budget. “This year, the Governor said he is going to anchor his developmental strides on education. And to show his interest in education, the Ministry of education has the highest allocation in this year’s budget. The Governor surpassed the UNESCO standard for budgetary allocation to education sector. “We have expanded the conventional system of education by the establishment of the highest vocational college in South-East Nigeria. The Governor did not stop there, he established King David Academy where our youngsters are being trained to realize their potentials. He did not also stop there, he established school in our international market where those doing business will still have the opportunity to go to school. The Executive Chairman of the State Universal Basic Education (SUBEB), High Chief Hyacinth Ikpor, in his remarks noted that the State Governor, David Umahi, had demonstrated unprecedented commitment towards the growth and development of Education in the State, adding that the Governor had ensured speedy execution of all UBEB projects in the State.END// Pix: Across section of Education Stakeholders during the Meeting.