A pigeon that travelled across the Pacific Ocean is to be put down after running afoul of Australia’s strict quarantine rules. The bird reportedly went missing during a race in the US state of Oregon in late October, before turning up in Melbourne almost two months later. But officials say the pigeon, which has been named Joe, poses a “direct biosecurity risk” to Australia’s bird population and poultry industry. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The bird will be caught and euthanised. Melbourne resident Kevin Celli-Bird says he found the pigeon in his back garden on 26 December. COVID-19: LASUCOM Hostel Shut Down As Three Students Test Positive Rwandan Army Mourns Peacekeeper Killed In Central African Republic “He was pretty emaciated so I crushed up a dry biscuit and left it out there for him,” he told the AP news agency. Some internet research led Mr Celli-Bird to discover that the bird, which is registered to an owner in Alabama, was last seen during a pigeon race in the western US state of Oregon. But after news of Joe’s appearance made headlines in Australia, Mr Celli-Bird was contacted by officials concerned about the threat of infection. The pigeon has not yet been caught, but the Department of Agriculture, Water and the Environment says it will have to be put down because of the danger of infection to local birds. “Regardless of its origin, any domesticated bird that has not met import health status and testing requirements is not permitted to remain in Australia,” a department spokesperson said in a statement. “The only possible outcome to manage the biosecurity risk is humane destruction of the bird.” It is not clear how the bird managed to make the 8,000-mile journey from the west coast of the US to southern Australia, but officials believe he is likely to have hitchhiked on board a cargo vessel. While it is possible to legally bring pigeons into Australia, the process is difficult and can cost tens of thousands of dollars, and none have been legally imported from the US in over a decade. Joe the pigeon is not the first animal to face trouble from Australia’s strict animal import laws. Chelsea finally sell longest serving player after three appearances in nine years Chelsea have finally sold their longest serving player Lucas Piazon after seven loan spells and three appearances in nine years. The Brazilian winger has completed a permanent switch to Portuguese club Braga a decade after arriving at Stamford Bridge. Piazon, 26, was signed from Sao Paolo B for £6.75million in January 2012, after reportedly turning down Juventus. At the time, Chelsea were being managed by Andre Villas-Boas, and have had seven different bosses since. Piazon had been named Chelsea’s young player of the year in 2012 after helping the club win the FA Youth Cup, but ultimately failed to make the breakthrough. The Blues shipped him out on loan just a year after his move to London aged 18, during which time he had made all three of his senior appearances for the Premier League club. He made his Chelsea debut in a League Cup hammering of Wolves in September 2012, before featuring in the win on penalties over Man Utd in the next round. His Premier League bow followed as a substitute in the 8-0 thrashing of Aston Villa before Christmas, where he set up Ramires for Chelsea’s fifth. That proved to be his last game for Chelsea’s first-team, as he embarked on the first of his seven loans, starting at La Liga side Malaga. Spells followed at Chelsea’s Belgian feeder club Vitesse Arnhem, German Bundesliga side Eintracht Frankfurt, Reading, Fulham (two seasons), Italian Serie B outfit Chievo, and an 18-month stint at Portuguese club Rio Ave. Speaking about his future back in 2019, having just signed a contract extension at Chelsea, Piazon said: “I’m tired of playing here and there, I need a place where I can feel at home. “I want to know that in July I will return to the same place, to the same house. “I’d have a good season on loan, but I’d come back and was soon loaned again. “There was no point in going out on loan, playing well, coming back, not being used and being loaned again. “There comes a time in your career that makes no sense anymore.” He has now put pen to paper on a four-and-a-half year deal at Braga, who are currently fourth in the Primeira Liga and managed by ex-Sheffield Wednesday and Swansea boss Carlos Carvalhal. A statement on the Chelsea website read: “We would like to wish Lucas the best of luck for the rest of his career and thank him for his service.” (SOURCE: BBC)