Bauchi- A Civil Society Group known as the African Law Foundation (AFRILAW) working on Security Sector Governance and particularly in strengthening and improving effective private security governance in Nigeria has called on President Muhammadu Buhari to re-appoint Mr. Abdullah Gana as the Commandant General (CG) of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) for a second tenure. According to a press statement which was signed by the founder and Chief Executive Officer of the Foundation, Okereke Chinwike ESQ, which was made available to newsmen in Bauchi, Mr Abdullah Gana is a quintessential, detribalised, patriotic ,diligent and dedicated security professional who within his first tenure as the Commandant General of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, transformed and reposition the agency. “In his first tenure as the Commandant General (CG), Mr. Abdullah Gana made many great and wonderful accomplishments in the areas of improved safety and security of critical national assets across the country as well as the introduction of Agro-Rangers for improved security within agricultural sector.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Others are increased reduction in farmers and herders clashes across the country, redeeming the image of Nigeria educationally by partnering with Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB); robust relationship and cooperation with other federal security agencies, stoppage of circulation of pre-registered SIM cards, sustained tackling of illegal mining and strategic collaboration with traditional rulers to nip in the bud the incessant banditry menace in the country.” “In addition, the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) under Mr. Abdullah Gana witnessed an improved and effective management and administration of both human and financial resources. There is an increased staff welfare resulting in dedication to duty and high esprit-de-corps of personnel including enhanced manpower development and capacity building and regular promotion galore of men and officers of NSCDC.” Fayemi’s Aide After My Life – Lere Olayinka BREAKING: Kano State Government Insist Schools Resumes Tomorrow “As the regulator of the Private Security Companies in Nigeria, the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) under Mr. Abdullah Gana adminsitration has experienced tremedous reform and transformational initiatives toward an improved effective regulation and supervision, creation of enabling enviroment for sustainable growth and development of the private security industry in Nigeria” “Under his administration, multi-stakeholder approach for improvement and development of the industry was highly encouraged and promoted, and in this regard, NSCDC established partnership with AFRILAW toward strengthening and improvement of private security regulation and oversight for effective private security governance and responsible services in Nigeria through multi-stakeholder engagement.” “AFRILAW in partnership and support from the Geneva Center for Security Sector Governance (DCAF), Switzerland is currently implementing the ‘Strengthening Private Security Regulation and Oversight Project’ in partnership and collaboration with Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) and Association of Licensed Private Security Practitioners of Nigeria (ALPSPN) in Nigeria.” “In view of all above and considering the prevailing security challenges in Nigeria and the need to show effective leadership and commitment in tackling it, AFRILAW strongly believed that re-appointment of Mr. Abdullah Gana as the Commandant General (CG) of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) is the best decision for Mr. President to make in order to sustain the pleasant efforts and results recorded by NSCDC.” In this regard, Mr. Abdullah Gana is very ready and highly committed to take the NSCDC to it’s next level and continue his giant strides in the NSCDC, If re-appointed by Mr. President for a second tenure as the Commandant General (CG) of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), transformed and repositioned the Agency”, the statement read.