UMUAHIA  – Abia State governor, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu has said that empowering youths with skills remains a solution in reducing unemployment in the Country, Nigeria. Ikpeazu, who stated this in Umuahia during his Keynote address Flagged off of the Federal Government Extended Special Public Work programme for 774,000 Youths across the country commended President Mohammadu Buhari for coming up with such programme aimed at giving youths employment. The governor represented by the Secretary the State government, Chris Ezem thanked the Federal government for engaging 17, 000 Youths in the State in the program maintaining that creating employment through training youths with skill that would empower and sustain them in life. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Ikpeazu disclosed that based on that findings, his administration from inception in 2015 commenced training youths in the State with Skills and developing their Entrepreneurial Capability. He recalled that as an effective measure in tackling unemployment, his administration sent some youths to some parts of the globe in order to acquire skills in Garment, Shoes, Bags and other Leather products which as at today has begun to yield results. Border Closure Boost N12.5bn Seizures, Prevented 1,401 Irregular Migrants – Ali, Customs GC Commercial Activities Resume In Onitsha Markets After Xmas, New Year Celebrations Governor Ikpeazu maintained that aside from skill acquisition, the State government has also through Agricultural initiative begin too engage the youths into Agricultural activities like in Livestock production, Cassava, Cash Crops and processing of such agricultural produce. Earlier, the Minister of State for Mines and Steel, Dr Uche Ogah who presented the keynote address of the Minister of State Labour and Productivity, Mr Festus Keyamo said though the ESPW would last for three months but is convinced that it would provide the necessary economic palliatives to the participants. Ogah, who was represented by his Chief of Staff, Kelechi Ekugo disclosed that the Federal government would closely monitor the implementation of the programme to ascertain the efficient utilization of every resources , human and material committed to the programme. In his speech, the acting Director General of National Directorate of Employment, Mallam Abubakar Nuhu Fikpo said as the apex Job creation agency of the Federal government has in last decades remained in forefront in fight against poverty and joblessness while in pursuant to t its core mandate which is to explore and promote the job creation potentials available within the public works sector. The Acting Director General , whose address was presented by the State NDE Coordinator, Dr Chijoke Onwuatuegwu regretted that the program would have commenced three months ago but was regrettably delayed due to unnecessary and avoidable circumstances.. Speaking to DAILY INDEPENDENT after the flag off, the Chairman Ibeku Traditional Rulers Council in Umuahia North Council Area of the State, Eze Ikechukwu Ezeigbo welcomed the programme though faulted the duration of the programme which he said would have a brief impact bot to the participants and the benefitting communities. In his reaction, the President General of Ahuwa Oboro Autonomous Community, Engr. James Nnadozie Uchegbuo said though brief, the program would momentarily reduce unemployment of youths within the rural communities as the programme would engage the participants for a duration of three months.