OWERRI  – This is not the best of times for Ohanaeze Ndigbo, the apex Igbo socio-cultural organization considering the numerous agitations from the Eastern part of Nigeria, especially on its 2023 Presidential agitations. The body meant to be its voice seems to have now been polarised as two President General have emerged in what could be described as parallel bodies knowing fully that two masters cannot lead a ship. While a former Commissioner in Imo State, Engr Chidi Ibeh emerged factional President General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Professor George Obiozor, a former Nigerian Ambassador to the United States, Israel and Cyprus, was also elected President General. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Obiozor polled a total of 304 votes to win his closest rival, Dr. Valentine Oparaocha who polled 15 votes in the keenly contested election.. For him to emerge, three of the contestants – Prof. Chukwunyere Nwaebo, Prof. Goddy Uwazuruike and Uju Sergius Okoro stepped down in respect for Prof. George Obiozor before voting started. Obasa Fires Chief Of Staff, CPS, Special Advisers Lawan Reveals How People In, Outside Nigeria Frustrating Passage Of PIB Other states that voted were Anambra, Delta, Ebonyi, Enugu, Imo and Rivers while other voters were drawn from accredited affiliate groups and Igbo groups in the diaspora. The election followed a motion moved by Prof. A. B. C. Nwosu and seconded by Senator Ben Obi, after dissolving the Chief John Nnia Nwodo led executive of Ohanaeze Ndigbo. Prof. Gary Igariwey, former Chairman of Ohanaeze and Chairman of the Electoral Committee said they resolved to adopt an open process in the form of Option A4 to promote transparency and credibility of the election process. The Electoral Committee however announced that eight contestants picked the nomination form and three of the contestants did not return their forms namely Prof. Chidi Osuagwu, Dr. Chris Asoluka and Dr. Joe Nworgu. Considering that three aspirants earlier stepped down, only two contestants participated in the race – Prof. George Obiozor and Dr. Valentine Oparaocha after which Chief Sam Ohuabunwa was then invited to moderate the election while voting was done by the approved states starting with Abia state. Commenting on the election, Hon. Ambrose Obioha, leader of an affiliate group, Igbo Peoples Alliance for Development (IPAD) said the standard of the election and the quality of the new President-General are clearly indicative of the fact that Ndigbo are now ready re-write the wrong narratives about the region and reclaim their place in the scheme of things. “Ndigbo has again raised the bar with this flawless election process. We are confident that given the sterling character and professional depth of Prof. Obiozor, he will further our aspirations as a people and push the frontiers of Igbo advocacy beyond where his predecessors took it” he assured. Obiozor who hails from Imo State has satisfied the alphabetical rotation policy adopted by the seven Igbo speaking Southeast and South-south states that make up Ohanaeze Ndigbo, as it is the turn of the State to produce the next President General of the organisation. Major contenders, known aspirants for the top position emerged from the state but allegedly withdrew from the polls over what they termed irregularities. On the platform of the electoral committee, set up by the outgoing executive led by Chief Nnia Nwodo were Prof George Obiozor, Dr Joe Nworgu, Dr Chris Asoluka, Prof Chidi Osuagwu, Chief Goddy Uwazurike and Prof Nnaemeka Obiaraeri who intended to take over the baton of leadership on January 21 when Nwodo’s tenure ends. ln his acceptance speech, Prof Obiozor expressed happiness with the organisation of the election process saying the Local government election was successful, no problem; the whole process went very smoothly across the country and across the Southeast. ” l went to some of the states like Ebonyi, Enugu, Abia, Anambra, the states are very supportive of my candidacy, in fact, they supported the consensus candidate from Imo State which is me very well and I was optimistic of victory. According to him, what is important is that I am prepared to engage with the problems facing Ndigbo in Nigeria; the problem of security, revival of education, economy, whole issue of reconciliation, and reorganisation of Ohanaeze Ndigbo and general reconciliation of youths within Ohanaeze and outside. “We must have peace and security in Igboland; we must move forward with what we are known for -industrious and peaceful people; we must have visible achievements for our people; we must secure our people. Igbo seem to be the most vulnerable people in Nigeria in terms of violence and loss of lives and property. We have to take serious look at In another parallel election last Saturday, Ibeh emerged factional President General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo. Ibeh, a holder of national award, Member of the Federal Republic, MFR, emerged during a parallel election organized by the Prince Richard Ozobu-led election committee. Also elected were Dim Uche Okwukwu, Deputy President General. Okwukwu from Rivers State is the incumbent Secretary-General of the apex Igbo socio-cultural organization. Mazi Okechukwu Isiguzoro from Abia State was elected Secretary General. Ozobu told journalists on Saturday that the election was held in Enugu under strict observance of COVID-19 protocol. “We promised to give Ndigbo credible election and that is what we have done. A new leadership of Ohanaeze has emerged and it was in compliance with the constitution of Ohanaeze. We met all the requirements. “We are still collating results for other seats, but the key leadership positions are ready. It started late last night and was concluded this morning. Many delegates participated through zoom because of ban on large gathering owing to COVID-19. The rest of the National Ohanaeze Executive election results will be released after further verifications to ensure that the constitutional provisions were fully met,” Ozobu stated. In the Owerri election, under the committee being chaired by Chief Garri Igariwey as at Saturday, some of the leading aspirants have dissociated themselves from the election. Former Secretary-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Dr Nworgu dissociated himself from the election because of what he termed irregularities. “I am dissociating myself from the election because it is fret with irregularities and capable of putting Ohanaeze Ndigbo into crisis. I wouldn’t want an organisation we have laboured so much over the years to build to go down. While blaming the new entrants into the organisation for having no commitment about the wellbeing of the organisation, he said “I care very much about the organisation. I served the organisation for two decades with passion and full emotion. I sacrificed immensely. Consequently, I will not partake in the election today. I have overviewed what has been occurring and my overview has resulted in my decision and conclusion not to partake in the poll,” he said. Dr Asoluka said the organisers of the election have not shown any preparedness as far as he is concerned. “I am yet to receive the delegate list as at Saturday. If you are going for an election, you don’t know who is voting and who is not, how can you appoint an agent? As far as I am concerned, they are not prepared.” Prof Chidi Osuagwu, another top aspirant, also dismissed Sunday’s election, saying its outcome would amount to a nullity. He said his decision to disassociate himself from the election was because the poll would not be valid because the organisers have not been following the constitution. “Actually having received the intervention of elders of Igboland who met on Saturday and resolved that the election should be discontinued; they said that the present executive should hand over to a Caretaker Committee for two months within which to organise a true election. So, I subscribe to that position” Osuagwu made the comments at a press conference on Saturday in Owerri, the Imo State capital, where he said that the Ohanaeze Ndigbo election process did not follow constitutional guidelines. According to him, there are no official guidelines as well as no information on venues for the election at all levels. “There is no official statement on nomination forms, yet some people have paid and names drawn up for LGA elections that did not hold anywhere. There are no official lists of national General Assembly statutory members and the ones that are associated with states, as required by the Ohanaeze Constitution”, he said. This development, he added, had practically nullified the polls, because, according to him, “Ohanaeze Ndigbo Election is conducted according to law. Ohanaeze has a Constitution which has copiously been ignored and violated. Obviously, the election will be held outside the Constitution and any election that is held in contravention to the provisions of the Constitution is illegal, null and void. That’s exactly the fate of Ohanaeze Ndigbo election tomorrow (Sunday). I’ve bought the forms for the candidacy at N500, 000 which is very strange considering that this is a socio-cultural organisation that service should be voluntary. Unfortunately, they have turned the exercise to a political party thing. We have a situation where people no longer distinguish between Ohanaeze Ndigbo as a socio-cultural organisation and political parties. There’s no guidelines which is why some of us can’t be part of that”, he said.