Eze Patrick Anyanwu, the National President of the Nigeria Hotels Association (NHA), in this interview with OYENIRAN APATA, expresses displeasure over the implementation and payment of palliatives to workers in the hotel business amidst the second wave of the COVID-19 disease, among other issues. Excerpts: What is your assessment of the business in the hotel sector? The business in the hotel sector is yet to regain its full momentum as it was in 2019. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! We are still struggling to regain the heart of the business when the government announced a second wave. We are hopeful that we shall conquer this by observing strict compliance to the COVID 19 protocols by and sundry. The government promised survival fund for the sector, what is the situation? Mysterious Ilama Found In Massachusetts UAE Chefs Breaks Guinness Record I salute the father of the country, President Muhamadu Buhari. The government already started paying some weeks ago and few have received the support fund. However, many hoteliers whose names were duly captured for the support fund are yet to benefit from the first and second payments. I am worried that some are yet to receive and their names were duly captured the same period with others that have received. I thank the President for commencing the payment but he should look into the epileptic payment. I want to appeal to President Buhari to prevail on the office saddled with the responsibility to ensure that all members of the association whose names were forwarded by the association and captured properly be paid. The pains suffered during the first wave of the COVID-19 are still weighed down on many hotel owners. If the government says we should not sack they should complete the payment of the support fund to hotel workers and extend same to others that are yet to receive a kobo from the first and second tranche of the exercise. About 90 percent of our workers are yet to be paid the support fund. Many states across the federation are calling on me they are yet to receive. This is annoying because the government had approved and released the fund why are the people in charge of disbursement holding the money. The Office of the Presidency, Trade and Investment should pay the money to the beneficiaries of the support fund. What has been the effect of restrictions on the hotel sector? Life is important it is only when we are alive that we can transact business and make a profit. I am in support of steps and restrictions taken by the government as the second wave of the pandemic is said to be deadlier. However, the government should not allow COVID-19 to collapse or sink the economy of the country. By the grace of God, the hotel sector will not collapse due to COVID-19. My advice to operators in the sector is to abide by all COVID-19 protocols spelt out by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control. Any measures that will make our clients enjoy a healthy stay and return to their places of abode are welcomed. This is because nobody wants to die. Thus, we must abide by the rules. We must take precautionary measures to stay safe. Some sectors have received government support, what has the government done to support hoteliers with the grant? They promised us grant and soft loans but we are still waiting. We submitted names for grants and till today we are yet to receive support either in the form of a grant or soft loans. They paid some of our workers and failed to pay for others. This is taking its toll on us as business owners and Directors. They should support us for the business to survive. The challenges we are facing are enormous and despite this, we are still being burdened by different types of taxes. Electricity tariff has gone up, local and state governments are also forwarding bills. Many of our members are still groaning under the yoke of debts owed banks. The federal government should fulfil all the promises on support to hoteliers.