ABUJA- The Federal Government has pledged to offer a grant to a local car manufacturer as part of measures to boost made in Nigeria automobile. Dr. Ogbonnaya Onu, Minister of Science and Technology, announced this on Monday in Abuja, when a Nigerian car manufacturer, Mr. Auwal Hassan, presented to him a car he partly manufactured and assembled. Onu who lauded the innovative initiative of the inventor, pledged to financially assist him to improve on the quality and design of the car. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He underscored the need for Nigerian youths to embrace science, technology and innovation, adding that science and technology hold the key to Nigeria’s industrialisation and rapid development. He contended that no nation can ever be great without the deployment of science, technology and innovation. I Have No Intention To Leave PDP, Ikpeazu Replies APC Kwara APC Crisis: Stakeholders Meeting Ends In Stalemate As Governor, Minister Avoid Media His words: “We believe very strongly that the greatest treasure of our nation is our youth. We have seen that the richest people in the world get their money through using their brains.” “The richest corporations depend on science and technology. From the beginning of time, no nation has ever developed and become truly great without science and technology.” “We are going to encourage you and make use of the knowledge you have. We will provide some grant to assist him to enable him to excel.” “Also speaking, the car designer, Mr. Auwal Hassan, said he was addicted to car manufacturing. He enumerated some of the things he manufactured which include car body frame, body cover, reverse gear, among others. He pledged to improve on the quality of the car. In his technical analysis of the car, the Executive Vice Chairman of National Agency for Science and Engineering Infrastructure(NASENI), Prof. Mohammed Haruna, said the car was partly manufactured and partly assembled by the owner. Haruna said the engine of the tricycle was adopted by the producer as well as the steering of the car. He called for the improvement of the transmission system together with installation of basic safety devices such as seat belt, wipers and sensor.