LAGOS  – At last, the Federal Government finally reacted to the raging controversy over an editorial by Financial Times suggesting Nigeria is on the brink of becoming “a failed state.” The verdict came barely a month after an investigation by Cable News Network (CNN) which exposed the government’s alleged complicity in the shooting of unarmed protesters at Lekki toll gate during the nationwide #EndSARS protests in Lagos. The newspaper, while x-raying the heightened insecurity in the country which include Boko Haram insurgency, banditry, kidnapping, Fulani herdsmen attacks and other vices warned that “Africa’s most populous country is teetering on the brink.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The publication wrote: “If the latest kidnapping turns out to be its work, it would mark the spread of the terrorist group from its north-eastern base. Even if the mass abduction was carried out by ‘ordinary’ bandits – as now looks possible – it underlines the fact of chronic criminality and violence. “Deadly clashes between herders and settled farmers have spread to most parts of Nigeria. In the oil-rich but impoverished Delta region, extortion through the sabotage of pipelines is legendary. In its three remaining years, the government of Mr. Buhari must seek to draw a line in the sand. It must redouble efforts to get a grip on security.” PDP Supporters Defect To APC In Zamfara 2023: VAI Begins Education Of Voters Nationwide Addressing reporters in Lagos in , Alhaji Lai Mohammed, Minister of Information and Culture while taking stock of the previous year and its plans for 2021 said while it is true that Nigeria witnessed a spate of insecurity cases especially in the outgone year, the Buhari administration has tackled these insecurity challenges headlong. The minister also accused International Criminal Court (ICC) and Amnesty International of constituting themselves into another ‘fighting force’ against Nigeria, harassing security forces and threatening them with investigation and possible prosecution over alleged war crimes and human rights abuses. “Despite the antics of those who have constituted themselves to another ‘fighting force’ against our country, we have indeed made tremendous progress in tackling bandits and the terrorists of Boko Haram”. “Nigeria is fending off attacks on many fronts, not just from terrorists and bandits, but also from some human rights organizations and the International Criminal Court (ICC) which seem to have colluded to exacerbate the challenges facing the country in the area of security. While our security agencies continue to battle these bandits and terrorists, the ICC and some international human rights organizations, especially Amnesty International, have constituted themselves to another ‘fighting force’ against Nigeria, constantly harassing our security forces and threatening them with investigation and possible prosecution over alleged crimes against humanity and war crimes.” “The Federal Government frowns at this unbridled attempt to demoralize our security men and women as they confront the onslaught from bandits and terrorists. Nigeria did not join the ICC so it can become a pawn on the court’s chessboard. It beggars belief to see that a nation that is fighting an existential war against bandits and terrorists is constantly being held down by an international body which it willingly joined,” he said, emphasising that “Nigeria is a sovereign state and will not surrender its sovereignty to any organization. ICC, Amnesty International and their cohorts should desist from threatening our troops and putting the security of our country in jeopardy. Enough-is-Enough.” These malicious allegations according to the minister stems from fake news and disinformation perpetrated by the media, notably international media, CNN which reported that the Nigerian army shot at unarmed protesters at the Lekki tollgate during the EndSARS protest last October. Expressing regret that such a reputable platform will stoop so low to rubbish the image of the security personnel, Mohammed warned that the government will not take the report by CNN lightly. “I can assure you that the matter is far from over.” The Minister also insisted that Nigeria is not a failed state, asking Nigerians to ignore the report by Financial Times and other foreign media churning out negative attacks against the country. “Nigeria is not and cannot be a failing or failed state. Of course, you would remember that for the past two decades or so, some pseudo-analysts have been predicting the country’s implosion. That has not happened, hence they have found a new tag line: failing or failed state! It’s all a ruse aimed at depicting Nigeria as being in a constant state of anarchy, just so they can achieve their nefarious objectives for the country.” “If Nigeria was not a ‘failing’ state when a large slice of its territory equivalent to the size of Belgium was under the occupation of Boko Haram, which collected taxes, installed and deposed emirs, is it now that no territory is under the terrorists that Nigeria will be a failing state? If Nigeria was not a failed state when bombs were raining on towns and cities in Kano, Kaduna, Plateau, Borno, Yobe, FCT and other states, is it now that such bombings have stopped that Nigeria will be described as a ‘failing’ state? If Nigeria was not a ‘failing’ state in those years that Christian and Muslim worshippers had to be screened to even enter their places of worship, is it now that the siege on places of worship has ceased that Nigeria will be described as a ‘failing’ state?” he queried. The minister praised the military and other security agencies for their patriotism and commitment to the anti-terror war. “Thanks to our security agencies, we have just celebrated another Christmas and New Year without a rain of bombs. Few would remember that in 2010, 2011 and 2012, Christmas eve or Christmas Day attacks left hundreds dead or injured. “What about the attack on the UN Complex in Abuja in August 2011; the bombing of media houses in Abuja and Kaduna in April 2012 and the killing of about 40 students in Mubi, Adamawa State, in October 2012? “Have we forgotten that over 80 towns and villages were attacked and razed, with casualties, by Boko Haram in Borno State alone? Have we forgotten the constant attacks on military and security formations? “The federal government has sustained the fight against terrorists, bandits, kidnappers and other criminal elements across the country, especially in the North-east and the North-west. The President has continued to provide all the necessary platforms on land, air and sea to support the fight against criminals and terrorists in the country,” he added. Also not spared is the country’s major opposition party, the Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) which the Minister excoriated for what it described as its lack of imagination and depth.He stated that PDP’s role as an opposition is restricted to “bad mouthing.” “Let me also take this opportunity to condemn the constant infantile press releases by the unserious, unimaginative and drab opposition, which misconstrues opposition as constantly shooting down anything the government of the day does or bad mouthing whatever Mr. President does or says. “There is more to opposition than predictable and bring-it-down-at-all-cost media interventions. They messed up in government, and they are messing up even more in opposition. No lessons learnt either way.” However, the PDP fired back at the minister, saying it will continue to hold the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the President Muhammadu Buhari government accountable for misgovernance in the country”. Responding to the Minister’s claim, National Publicity Secretary of the PDP, Kola Ologbondiyan, said the APC is afraid because the party has lost touch with Nigerians as the people are merely counting the days for the end of the Buhari administration. “the PDP is not playing bad belle politics. We are simply holding the APC and the Buhari administration accountable. Our criticisms will continue to hold the administration accountable. We are not criticising for the fun of it. Things are just bad”. “We are offering constructive criticism. We are not playing the type of brigandage media attack that the APC played in 2013 to 2015. We are simply holding them accountable on what they have done and what they have failed to do.”