Hon (Chief) Atanomeyovwi Francis, Federal Commissioner, National Assembly Service Commission, representing the South-South Region has described the Deputy President of the Nigerian Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege as an astute leader with clear evidences of incredible performance in just five years in the senate. In a statement he personally signed, Hon Atanomeyovwi expressed great delight with the performance records of Senator Omo-Agege which he noted as unmatched by any senator that has ever risen from Delta State, noting that as Leader of the APC in the South-South zone, Omo-Agege has written his name in gold in the few years he has been in the senate. ‘’I want to personally thank my leader, His Excellency, the Deputy President of the 9th Senate of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Distinguished Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, the Obarisi of Urhoboland, for his astute and exemplary leadership and selfless commitment to service delivery in the past five years. Within a modicum period of time, he has made giant strides and undeniable impacts in indefatigably carrying out his representative (legislative) duties by sponsoring quality and beneficial pro-citizens bills that time and space will not permit me to mention. He has also been 100% committed to carrying out oversight functions to ensure our institutions function optimally. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! ‘’Omo-Agege has facilitated modern projects that are visible all over the Constituency towards restoring Urhobo greatness and stimulating progress all over Delta State. He has ensured the provision of good road network in many parts of Delta State through the NDDC and Federal Government Ministries and Agencies. ‘’He has ensured many communities and towns hitherto in perpetual darkness are connected to the National grid through provision of transformers for power supply to those areas, besides creating job opportunities for deserving sons and daughters of Delta Central in particular and Deltans in general. My Neighbour’s Son Impregnated My 17yr-Old Daughter, Father Alleges In Court FG Inaugurates 774,000 Jobs In Nasarawa ‘’He has facilitated federal appointments for Nigerians across all geopolitical zones, stimulating youths and women empowerment, skill acquisition for deserving persons and advancement of security in our communities. In fact no senator has ever performed as Ovie Omo-Agege since the creation of Delta State. The man deserve the commendation and encouragement of all’’, Atanomeyovwi added. He also appreciated the teeming fans and supporters of the Deputy President of the Senate across party lines, stressing that all of Delta Central, indigenes and settlers alike (Urhobo, Yoruba, Igbo, Hausa, Izon, Itsekiri and others) had shown overt love and support for the senator over the past five years and that, the support has been a ‘’source of motivation for the incredible performance records of our dear Senator. I implore you to continue in that stead. I also appreciate the entire good people of Delta State for their unprecedented cooperation over the years’’, he said. He urged Senator Ovie Omo-Agege to continue on the path of excellence which has distinguished him from the crowd, noting that God willing, bigger and better doors of service would be open for him to serve Delta state and Nigeria at large.