Adedayo Iroko is a versatile Civil Engineer with over 15 years professional experience covering field operations, technical and operation support functions in an international oil and gas company. In this interview with MOHAMMED SHOSANYA, he spoke on how some oil producing nations are responding to global shift from fossil fuels (hydrocarbon) to renewable and many more. Excerpts: The coronavirus pandemic has left in its wake a lot of disruptions in all areas of human endeavor, including the oil and gas sector, what major disruptions has your industry witnessed as a result of the coronavirus pandemic and how positively or negatively has it affected Geo Markets resource management and effective asset netting and optimisation in your industry? The COVID-19 pandemic started as a minor issue in Asia from December 2019 where it impacted production of some key assets used for downhole drilling. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! By February 2020, the migration of this virus to other countries started impacting the Oil & Gas industry on a worldwide scale which is very sensitive to Oil price fluctuations. By end of Q1’2020, drilling activities started dropping leading to excess an asset that wasn’t needed in the short to medium term leaving a big dent on the topline. Bauchi Tops States With Highest Prices Of Cooking Gas Chevron, Host Communities Disagree Over Oil Spill At Funiwa Oilfield, Bayelsa Most locations had to carry these excess assets (depreciation costs with no corresponding revenue) until a new home was found for these assets. On the positive note, the massive drop in activity gave locations the opportunity to rationalise and write off their aged/ageing fleet and effective measures to manage costs by the introduction of remote operations and capital preservation initiatives. There seem to be a shift globally from fossil fuels (hydrocarbon) to renewable or clean energy, which will no doubt cause some disruptions in the energy sector, in your opinion, how is the energy sector and major oil and gas producing nations responding to or preparing for this shift? Most Oil and Gas producing countries understand the need for safe and clean source of energy and they have launched some initiatives to fully embrace this prospect. For example, UAE launched a national Energy Strategy in 2017 with a goal of having 50% clean energy sources capacity mix by 2050. Also, Saudi Arabia (the world’s biggest oil exporter) is planning to achieve 30 GW of renewable energy generation by 2025 with a further plan to double this energy generation to 60 GW in the next five years. Let us get to your profession now. As a Geomarket Resource Manager, with specialisation in Asset management and utilisation, what does your work entail? Asset management is very broad as it involves multiple roles – asset planning for short, medium and long terms, ensuring assets are available to meet continuous operation demands. Drilling activities vary from Client to Client, from simple 2D wells to complex ERD wells where multiple drilling and logging services are required. On the other hand, long term asset management involves quarterly rolling forecast projections where assets for upcoming four quarters are reviewed based on demand signal and overall asset netting. This is further netted at the HQ level where decisions on Capital Expenditures are decided based on growth and replacement objectives. Another key role in asset management is the monthly asset netting exercise that ensure assets are utilized effectively and not just sitting on the rack. This Balancing is done every new month based on demand signal and excess assets are offered out to other Geomarkets where they can be to effective use. As an asset manager, I also take ownership of the Depreciation and Lease charge lines in the P&L. This requires an accurate and updated Fix Asset List (FAL) reconciled (physical vs FAL) on a monthly basis. What is the most challenging project you have delivered? How did you feel after delivering such a project? The most challenging project was the drilling of an exploration well for a Client in Cameroon. The rig site was in a jungle close to Mount Cameroon and the Client decided to utilise a Heli-rig due to the enormous cost of building a new road network. All the drilling equipment for this rig must weigh below 5,000kg as they would be air lifted by heavy duty helicopters to the well site. This presented a potential huge challenge in terms of borehole cleaning and wellbore stability while drilling due to the small size of rig pumps that will meet this weight limitation. An adequate analysis with the Drilling and Maintenance teams was done to ensure correct flow kits were configured for all Drilling and Measurement tools. The well was drilled to Total Depth despite all the rig and downhole challenges. The team and myself felt elated for delivering the first well on a Heli-rig in Africa. What would you remember as the biggest challenges you have ever faced in your career? How did you resolve them? Have you ever thought of quitting? Any incident that made you want to quit? There have been many challenges but the biggest one was when I was Engineer in Charge (EIC) in Cameroon. We were assigned one of the new generation rigs that recently arrived from Ivory Coast. The rig’s draw-works did not have a shaft to install our depth sensor and we had to figure out an alternative depth measurement before the start of drilling in five days’ time. The solution to the challenge was to review the rig’s depth system setup with the rig electrician, brainstormed and connected to the rig’s junction box using pigtail sensor cables which was then connected to the Schlumberger acquisition system. A 2-point analog depth calibration was done at the low and high points and the well was drilled successfully without any depth issues. I have never thought of quitting, I take every challenge as a new learning opportunity to improve my technical abilities. You have worked in the oil and gas industry both in Nigeria and abroad for about 15 years now. What has your experience been and what would you term your greatest achievement so far? It has been a wonderful experience so far, taken up multiple roles in different countries for the best service company in the world has widened my technical and managerial abilities. My robust field experience combined with a solid operational know-how has been of immense value to myself and the company. My greatest achievement so far was been part of a team recognised by the Client for breaking multiple records in their field – Longest well drilled (27,000ft), longest Hepta-combo run (Bottom Hole Drilling Assembly with 7 logging tools), longest reservoir section drilled, fastest well drilled (<46 days), 2nd best well on project despite Covid19 restrictions. You have worked on different projects with different teams in Nigeria, Cameroun and Asia. How has your experience working overseas helped in your new role? Working in Nigeria as a Field Engineer exposed me to all the Drilling and Measurement technologies while working in Cameroon as an EIC added the operational and Client engagement attributes required for next level managerial positions. My role as a measurement instructor at the Technical Learning Center in UAE added technical expertise. All these exposures have contributed immensely to the continuous success in my current role as a Geo Market Resource Manager. What would you term the biggest drawback of Geo Market Resource Managers in Africa, if any? Geo Market Resource Managers in Africa have been doing quite well in a challenging environment due to import/export limitations from different custom regimes. This impacts asset planning and management in the medium/long term. Asset netting that will factor customs import/export lead time will be key to the success of asset management in Africa. Has Geo Market Resource Management in the industry evolved, how has it impacted well drilling and optimisation? What would you say is the future of well drilling and construction Projects? How prepared are you for this future? The Oil and Gas industry has been very dynamic, from drilling simple 2D wells to complex ERD wells introducing new challenges in terms of well design and drilling equipment needed to hit all reservoir targets. Also, drilling projects are capital intensive and very sensitive to Oil price fluctuations. Every company (Producing and Servicing) have fiduciary duty to their stakeholders and will continually look at ways of managing costs, this is where optimisation and effective asset utilisation comes in. Asset management has moved from the days of excess of everything to tailor made services designed to address specific needs. The future of drilling is still bright, there will be new challenges and the industry is equally ready to meet these challenges in terms of well design hitting all required targets and provision of top-notch drilling services that will meet both geological and petrophysical reservoir objectives. With my technical and operational experiences over the last 15 years, I’m fully prepared for new challenges as I see them as further learning experiences. Are you involved in any form of mentorship of young people, whether in Africa or abroad as a way of giving back to society? What is the focus of this mentoring programme, if there is such, and how is it structured? Mentoring has been embedded in our culture. All new hires are assigned a mentor to guide them from the start of their career. I have mentored and coached around 25 Engineers in Nigeria, Cameroon while still in the Field. As a measurement instructor at the learning center, I mentored over 500 students during their entry and intermediate level trainings at the leaning center. I also followed up with them once they returned back to their respective locations to ensure the technical foundation offered at the learning center are harnessed adequately to further develop their career path in the company. What’s your family life like? We know it could be quite a bit of a challenge for people in your profession, especially when you must be on a project for a long time? This is a big challenge in the Oil and Gas industry especially for people working in the field. I was a bit fortunate as I left working in the field shortly after I got married. Having a rotation schedule and a long-term plan to take on operational support roles in the office will give a good work life balance. Another key point is time management and prioritising tasks, this helps to ensure critical tasks are completed as at when due while at the same time having good family time.