LAGOS  – Suspected pirates and kidnappers arrested by operatives of the Inspector-General Police, (IGP) Ibrahim Adamu Intelligence Response Team (IRT), have confessed to how they kidnapped four Americans, seafarers and other victims for ransom. More revealing was one of the suspects, Tony Ebiyepade, a 25-year-old resident of Ebi-Sam Road, Agudama, Bayelsa State, who said he was pushed into the crime world when criminals under the guise of militancy, raped his mother and sister, adding he took to crime in order to avenge their ordeal. Saturday INDEPENDENT gathered that last year’s kidnap of four Americans was carried out by the syndicate, said to be loyal to one Tony, a notorious sea pirate, whose resident was located around Akenfa, Yenagoa Bayelsa State. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! This intelligence, according to the police, was revealed on 30th August, 2020. Following this development, the police commenced work on gathering intelligence and arrested some of the suspects. Wike To Buhari: Change Security Chiefs As Strategy To Tackle Insecurity Oyetola Lauds Fallen Heroes, Valiant Fighters On Supreme Sacrifice For Nation Building Confessing to his involvement in crime, the suspected pirate said: “I was arrested by the police at Yenagoa, but at first I did not know why I was arrested. “But when I got to the station, I was told that I was involved in kidnapping and sea piracy. I started sea piracy and kidnapping operations since the time of militancy. What led me into criminal activities was that my mother and two sisters were raped by militants. I joined them to retaliate for what they did to my family. I started kidnapping and sea piracy from 2007, till I was arrested by the police. I was introduced to kidnapping and sea piracy by one Japas. My gang members are Ebimor, Kemen, Good, Tari Emos, Boma, Ijabra and some other boys from Delta State. “We have eight rifles, 8 Ak47 loaded with two magazines each. I have participated in different kidnapping operations. Most of them are within West Africa. The first was in 2007 where we nabbed 10 foreigners. We seized their ship and sailed to Ebono River in Calabar. We kept them inside the ship hidden in the creeks for a week, until a sum of N 100 Million was paid. “They brought the money to us at a river in Calabar. “The next was in the Lagos axis. We took them captive and abandoned their vessel and drove to one creek in Koloma fish town in Bayelsa. The vessel was loaded, when we got to Bayelsa, we negotiated with the owners of the vessel. They agreed to pay N45 Million and the vessel was released with the content intact. “The first kidnapping I got N8 million, while the second I was given N3. 7million” He said that another operation he was involved in was the kidnap of some sailors. “We took them to Akwa Ibom State, where they negotiated. They did not waste time to pay the ransom because they were on the high seas for an illegal trade. “They paid N35million before we released them. Normally, we picked the captain of vessels and two other persons. The owner will come and pay the ransom or release both his men and vessel. “It was the money that I made from kidnapping that I used to construct an illegal oil bunkering dump in Rivers State, and also built several houses in Bayelsa, I also used it to buy motor saw for my timber business.” General Karinatei Timidiseghe, a 35-year-old married man with six children, revealed how he joined the underworld. “I got married in 2004, after I left secondary school. I started selling drugs and I joined the Green Lander confraternity. I rose to the number one of the cult in the whole of Bayelsa State. I am well known as General Karinatei. I also submitted 15 locally made guns during the third face of the Federal government amnesty program. I also sell cocaine to several cultists, pirates and kidnappers operating within Southern Ijaw. It was my friend known as Ajhil who introduced me to the cocaine business. I was buying it from Lagos State. The person selling the drugs to me used to send it to me through commercial buses. I think I was arrested because I communicated with one Tony said to be a kidnapper and sea pirate, but I don’t have any business with him. “Tony called me because an engineer working for him at his building site was missing and he learned that the engineer was kidnapped by some cult boys, and since I am the head of Green Lander in Bayelsa State, he needed my help to use my position to help rescue the kidnapped engineer. It was one week after that conversation that I was arrested as his gang member.” Another suspect, Godbless Oruboro, 35, said: “I went into illegal oil bunkering in 2002. During the militancy, I worked with one General Lapotol and our camp was located within the Gbara area of Bayelsa State. I accepted amnesty in 2009, I have not been enlisted for training, but I am currently receiving the amnesty stipend from the federal government. But I joined one Akuro who is into illegal bunking, sea piracy and kidnapping. I started by buying illegal refined products from Akuro who specialised in kidnapping expatriates and hijacking of oil tanker vessels, sea piracy. The camp is located at Camp 45 in Bile Island, Rivers State. I have been working with Akuro in the last four months and I joined in four kidnappings in one of them. We kidnapped some white men and collected a huge sum of money as ransom. In one of the operations, we collected N70million as ransom and in another we collected N40million from another set of expatriates we kidnapped. “I was very scared that security operatives were looking for me so I tried to take my wife and children out of Port Harcourt, Rivers State to Enugu State. I was arrested at the motor park.”