The people of Birnin Gwari have cried out again over the incessant cases of insecurity in the area. This is as armed bandits launched an attack on the people of Mando area of  kaduna state, and abducted eighteen people including four Nursing mothers. Independent learnt that the armed bandits started with house to house search for grams and other food items and properties. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to the Press statement made available by the Brinin Gwari Emirate Progressive Union (BEPU), this occurred around 1:30 am on Wednesday in Mando village of about five kilometres from Birinin Gwari town in Brinin Gwari local government area of the state. The release signed by the Union chairman Barrister Salisu Haruna stated that the bandits struck with house to house search for grains and other food items, properties and other valuables yet to be quantified. Fayemi Begins Construction Of 1000 Rural Roads ADB Targets $10bn For Africa’s Renewable Energy In a Press statement titled: Security Alert In Birinin Gwari General Area”, the statement called on security operatives particularly the Airforce Field Base in Birnin-Gwari and the governments to be more proactive in protecting lives and property.” According to the statement, “After relative calm along Birnin-Gwari-Funtua road after the sustained onslaught by security forces, we regret to inform the general public of an attack at Mando village a distance of five kilometres from Birnin-Gwari town. “In the latest incident, armed bandits attacked Mando shortly after midnight around 1.30 am and abducted eighteen people including four nursing mothers.” “The armed bandits struck with a house to house search taking grains and other food items and properties whose values are yet to be quantified.” “The eighteen people abducted includes four nursing mothers with their babies and ten able bodied men to the bush.” “We are calling on the security personnel particularly the Air force Field Base Birnin-Gwari that is just three kilometers to Mando and the governments to be more proactive in protecting lives and property.” “We equally urge our citizen to assist in reporting suspicious elements and their collaborators”, it stated. Speaking with the spokesperson of the Kaduna Police Command, Mohammed Jalige, to confirm the incident, he promised to make his findings and get back. “I will find out and get back to you. Jalige promised.”