TADAFERUA UJORHA (WHO WAS IN ZAMFARA) If Yan Sakai and Yan Bindiga -self-help volunteer groups in Zamfara- are left to roam freely and are not rehabilitated, they may adopt an ideology to justify their actions. They may become a bigger danger to society than they presently constitute Saleh Momale points out that many NGOs and development partners are active in the North East, a region which has witnessed an insurgency for eleven years now. However, Zamfara presents a deficit in terms of NGOs and development partners, whereas the humanitarian situation in Zamfara is equally as urgent or as dire as that of the North East. My five days in the state last year interviewing broken and tearful men and women in remote pastoral and farming locations, confirmed that this is true. The local governments are not very functional and so the people at that level do not feel the presence of government very well. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! ‘There may be a need to bring all the NGOs from the North East back to Zamfara to start providing services at the local level. Zamfara is bleeding,’ says Momale, the Acting Executive Secretary, The Pastoral Resolve (PARE). However, he acknowledges that government has made some effort to improve conditions at the local government level for the ordinary folk. Benue Livestock Guards’ Commander Escapes Assassination Attempt Students Can’t Remain At Home Indefinitely – COEASU Zamfara is among the 10 states in the country with the highest indices of acute malnutrition among women, according to a recent report produced by PARE and Search for Common Ground. The same report shows that 42% of the population practice open defecation. It also highlights that 59% of the “out of school” primary school age groups are girls. The big question then is what is the way forward for Zamfara, and how can this be achieved? “One key element that is still missing in Zamfara State is the strategic framework for sustainable management of rural insecurity. There must be a road map. If a road map is created, we will have a more peaceful, more prosperous and highly enlightened community in Zamfara state,” says Momale. “We will see stronger local institutions with increased capacity to resolve emerging issues, and with increased capacity to work with security establishments in the maintenance of law and order,” he continued, providing perspective on a matter which is very dear to him. Rural Insecurity PARE has done a lot of beneficial work among pastoral communities in Nigeria’s North West. Momale explained “We have been working with communities of pastoralists for over 20 years. In 2001 there was already clear evidence of some of these challenges, particularly in Katsina State, and Pastoral resolve had to move and start interacting with some of the stakeholders to resolve these issues. The insecurity was highly pronounced in pastoral producing areas, and the escalation of insecurity in these areas will eventually affect the larger society in the long run. This is why we started working with institutions and security agencies, to draw attention to the need to secure rural communities, and manage or prevent the escalation of violent crimes.” PARE began work in Zamfara in 2016 monitoring some of the developments in the state, trying to document the level of displacements that were already taking place silently, and drawing the attention of the relevant establishments of government, particularly at the state and federal levels. It began sectoral or focused interventions when it received funding from the French embassy, through its project on strengthening civil society actions in critical areas. Tension, Suspicion When PARE commenced work in Birnin Magaji, Zamfara State in 2017, it encountered a shocking level of hostility existing between two communities, in addition to a bewildering local situation. These were communities located close to each other that were not communicating because of fear, tension and suspicion. The traditional authorities were very weak such that they could not exert any influence over the activities of young persons who constituted themselves into informal vigilante groups, which in Zamfara and Katsina are popularly known as Yan Sakai, which means self-volunteers. The Yan Sakai were already becoming very powerful, and beyond the control of any local institution. The same applied to the Yan Bindiga, self –volunteers located in pastoral communities. Momale said “Again, the political environment of the time tended to favour the activities of both the formal and informal vigilante groups, and there were strong allegations that some of these groups were aligned to the political leadership of the state at that time. The vigilante groups used to commit extra judicial killings of persons they suspect to be criminals. They could raid villages at their own will, without any intervention or deterrent from state institutions.” This is the landscape which was common in most parts of Zamfara. Loss Of Confidence Fear and mistrust were some of the big challenges which PARE faced in the course of its work. Momale recalled that “Mistrust of the security establishment, mistrust of governments, civil authorities, and even mistrust, sadly, of traditional authorities. People have lost confidence, local communities have lost confidence.” The next major obstacle was the inadequate local government structure “This was the weakness of local government administrations. Infact, the capacity of local government administration, particularly in Zamfara where we worked, and I think also in many other states of the North West, is very weak. Communities are largely left on their own. There are barely few functional health centres, schools, extension services, veterinary services. Think of anything, it’s just not there. Government officials at the local government level, mostly manage affairs within the local government secretariats. They rarely go beyond to reach out to communities and constituents. The state government has been doing very good in terms of development of physical infrastructure, like roads, construction of schools, rehabilitation of hospitals. But the service provided by these facilities is something else.” Island Of Possibilities Birnin Magaji stands out as one community where PARE had major impact, bringing peace, hope, integration and a major turnaround to the locality. It stands as a glowing island of possibilities, in the crippling social and economic fog that has been cast over the area by bandit groups and ‘conflict entrepreneurs’. Much training was extended to groups within the community “Additional capacity for the local leaders, district heads and the Birnin Magaji Emirate contributed immensely in creating a stronger social order within the local government. When the crisis was escalating in the adjoining local governments, the division that was driving the violence in the other local governments was non-existent in Birnin Magaji. They suffered the consequences as an entire community, and they faced the challenges as an entire community, not as divided communities,” added Momale. During my March visit I witnessed the sweet potato harvest being bagged outside Birnin Magaji one sunny morning. A single potato was so huge, a farmer could not easily hold it in his palm. This highlighted the potentials most communities can offer, if violence is arrested and a semblance of law and order sets in. Momale commented on the ground covered so far by PARE “It’s really very difficult to say that PARE’s intervention on its own was responsible for some of the achievements that were recorded. We have to acknowledge the role of many stakeholders with whom we were working, and who acted positively. These include traditional rulers, community groups, as well as officials of government.” Rehabilitate Vigilante Momale is optimistic that the security situation in Zamfara State may improve five years down the line. His words “If the reverse happens, we will see a comeback of the violence, a repeat of what is happening in Katsina, and not only that, an escalation and probably a total breakdown of law and order. I think what has been very helpful up till this moment is that all of these conflicts and violence taking place, are not based on any ideology. The criminals only hope is to loot, steal wealth and enjoy the wealth in their own way. That’s just their motive so far. For the other elements, like the aggrieved pastoral groups, their means of livelihood has been shattered, grain stores burnt, farmlands confiscated, and their cows have been rustled. They lack means of livelihood, so they are aggrieved and need rehabilitation. If that takes place and they are reintegrated, excellent. If that does not, they will escalate and continue to live in that way. The Yan Sakai are largely uneducated, unemployed groups. If they are rehabilitated, provided with capacity, supported to engage in viable ventures, they will become more valuable and more useful citizens to both state and country.” Groups May Fuse He gave a note of warning that “All the three groups may, in the long run fuse, especially if an ideology is injected, either an ideology of insurgency, ideology of revolt against government, religious ideology, a cultural ideology, whatever sort of ideology, a socialist or capitalist ideology, any ideology that becomes entrenched in the mind of the people. They will likely end up with a revolt, which could take any form depending on the type of ideology that is injected.” Roadmap Momale repeated his call for a long term strategic framework or road map for tackling rural insecurity in the North West. This framework could be useful in states such as Katsina and Niger, which are experiencing various forms of bandit attacks, or witnessing a Zamfara type scenario. He asked “how are we going to deal with the Yan Sakai and Yan Bindiga? How are we going to deal with those groups, those communities? Those people whose farms, houses were destroyed. What will we do with extending education, with raising capacity development? What can we do to improve livestock production among the pastoralists? The vital question is what is the strategic framework for dealing with all of these?” Those who are keen on restoring peace to Zamfara have their work clearly cut out for them.