LAGOS – Senator Ebenezer Ikeyina, for­mer lawmaker representing Anambra Central at the up­per legislative chamber of the National Assembly, has said it would be unfair for other re­gions to aspire for presidency of the country in 2023, aside Ndigbo. Ikeyina maintained that any right thinking Nigerian should support the South East region to produce the president in 2023. He stressed that Ndigbo were not talking about Biafra but the opportunity to have a shot at the presidency, which according to him would be to­tally wrong and unfair for oth­er regions to even think of that when the Igbo ethnic group had been sidelined for decades. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The former lawmaker, in a chat with Daily Independent, appealed to all the major po­litical parties to field an Igbo as presidential candidate for the sake of peace, equity and justice. The national leader of So­cial Democratic Party (SDP) said: “I want to state categor­ically that it is unfair for the Yoruba of South-West, the Hau­sa and Fulani in the Northern part of the country to think of presenting themselves for the highest office in the country in 2023. COVID-19 Resurgence Threatens Schools’ Resumption In Imo Communal Crisis: Isoko Youths Threaten To Shut Down Oil Facilities “They are expected to sup­port Ndigbo. Ndigbo are part of the entity called Nigeria and it would be unjust to deny them this opportunity. We can­not be talking of peace when an important ethic group is being neglected and margin­alized.” Ikeyina called on the lead­ership of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), All Progressives Congress (APC) and other polit­ical parties to choose the part of truth and justice by fielding an Igbo person in 2023. He said, “The SDP is going to field an Igbo person because the party is built on truth and justice. It is expected that other parties would join. “Ndigbo are not talking about Biafra, they are only asking for what rightly belongs to them. We are expecting the good people of Nigeria to sup­port Ndigbo to make the dream come true.”