ABUJA – President Muhammadu Buhari has called on Nigerians, especially the elite, to be fair in their criticism of his administration, saying that most of them are biased. Speaking on Thursday in Abuja when he received in audience Reverend Yakubu Pam, the Executive Secretary of the Nigeria Christian Pil­grims Commission, Presi­dent Buhari said: “Those crit­icising the administration should be fair in terms of reflecting on where we were before we came, where we are now, and what resources are available to us, and what we have done with the limited resources. “We had to struggle pay­ing debts, investing in road repairs and rebuilding, to revamp the rail and try to get power. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “This is what I hope the elite, when they want to crit­icise, will use to compare notes.” On the security situation, especially in the North East, the president remarked: “What was the situation when we came? Nigeria Yet To Recover From Wounds Of Civil War — Kukah Military Kills 64 Terrorists In Yobe Offensives “Try and ask people from Borno or from Adamawa, for that matter, and Yobe. “What was the condition before we came and what is the condition now? “Still, there are problems in Borno and Yobe, there are occasional Boko Haram prob­lems, but they know the dif­ference because a lot of them moved out of their states and moved to Kaduna, Kano, and here (in Abuja). “We were not spared of the attacks at a time. The govern­ment is doing its best and I hope that, eventually, our best will be good enough.” President Buhari also assured that the welfare of internally displaced persons was paramount on the agenda of the government. “The people in IDP camps, the weak, aged – I feel sorry for the young because this is the time they are supposed to get education. “We must not allow this time to pass because it will never be regained. “So, we are really interest­ed in what is happening there and we are doing our best,” the president said. He commended the execu­tive secretary on his appoint­ment and activities on peace building around the country despite his short time in the saddle and assured him of the listening ear of the gov­ernment whenever he had contributions to make. Earlier in his remarks, Rev­erend Pam had intimated the president with some of the activities of the commission since he was appointed in July 2020. These include the organ­isation of a Peace Summit on Southern Kaduna as well as peace building efforts in Plateau, Benue, Taraba and Nasarawa states. He added that the com­mission had proposed to host Christian religious leaders in a summit to help douse pres­sures within the polity, among other plans.