Rt. Hon. Sylvester Ogbaga is a fourth term member of the Federal House of Representatives, representing Abakaliki/Izzi constituency. In this interview with select journalists at a PDP event held in Edda in Afikpo South LGA, he spoke on the defection of Governor David Umahi to the All Progressives Congress (APC), the Governor’s allegation that the South-East people are being marginalized in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and other issues. SAMSON NWAFOR brings the excerpts: What is your impression about the large turnout of Edda People in this event organised by a chieftain of the PDP ? I’m impressed and happy, exceptionally happy and I thank God for this situation, that people have not lost their positions and expectations and people can stand despite hunger, despite powers, despite intimidations, and despite speculations to boldly say, here is our stand. In fact, I love Edda People and I respect them. If I have love, I will show them, and I love them. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! With what happened here today, would you say the masses are beginning to know their relevance in our democracy? Sincerely, I see democracy in the air. I see people with sincerity. I see people that have character, without fear of molestations for any reason. Edda people have shown maturity when it comes to democracy. In a democracy, you are not lured by anything. It is purely persuasive. It is purely choice and Edda people have chosen to be with the Peoples Democratic Party. The creme of people that make up Edda are here and I’m proud of them. I’m associating myself with them. Whatever they shall do, I will be with them. Itakpe-Ajaokuta-Warri Rail To Convey 1m Passengers, 3.5m Tonnes Yearly Alleged Certificate Forgery:  Obaseki To Open Defence Tuesday Governor David Umahi alleged that he planned his defection to the APC members of the National Assembly from the State? The Governor lied. I’m speaking for myself. He told us that ‘this is his position, that he has decided to defect to the APC, for our information.’ Everybody that knows me knows that I hardly tell what I don’t know. He told us that ‘he has taken decision to join the APC.’ And some of us asked questions and he said it was his personal decision. Ebonyi is not a family matter. Ebonyi is a State, where we have creme of persons that have character that are mature economically and otherwise. I differentiate myself and disassociate myself with his interest and I asked him, in taking this decision, how come you didn’t consult people? He said it was information to the National Assembly members; for our information. He didn’t say, he wants us to join him. And I’m not compelled to join him on a decision he has personally taken. If we planned it and I see reasons to join him, or I was part of the discussion before he joined the APC, I would have joined him if it favours me and favours my people, because, I represent people and the people I represent are the people of Izzi and Abakaliki local government areas. So, I cannot take Abakaliki or Izzi people to where they don’t know what was discussed. So, I’m not surprised he went there. He didn’t tell us and I don’t know his mission. People voted me in PDP. So, I remain with the PDP. How prepared are you and your colleagues to battle Governor Umahi as preparations for the 2023 general elections gather momentum? If I go by the words of some of our friends in the National Assembly. They say, power belongs to God. You don’t challenge God. Coming to Edda, you can agree with me that Edda people are in PDP. Everybody that matter in Edda presented himself to this gathering. Nobody was forced to come to this gathering. It is willingly people’s choice. Well, for me, every political situation, the first and foremost thing is God’s factor. God has designed this situation. If he succeeds in APC, I wish him well. He is my man all the time. Party or no party, he is my friend. We can talk as friends but politically, he is in APC and I’m in PDP. We are prepared. Very ready and willing, because we must get the will of the people. The Governor alleged that some of you were about to be dropped by your people in 2019, but later rode on his back to win your re-elections. How true is that? Well, he said some of us. I must speak to my conscience. We never had any discussion before he entered APC. He reported to the National Assembly that he has entered APC for our information. I cannot take Izzi whom I’m representing till 2023. Nobody wanted to drop me. In fact, my people insisted that if I’m not there, they are not there. It was alleged that the National Assembly members have not been happy with the Governor because of the huge sum you were allegedly compelled to pay by the Governor to secure your return ticket? The Governor is not the PDP. We are equal in the PDP. This is not my first time in the National Assembly. This is my fourth time. What is your position on the agitation for Nigerian President of South- East extraction in 2023, which was the main reason Umahi gave for leaving the PDP? The question this time, is: has the APC given the Southeast people the opportunity to produce its presidential candidate? Is there any fora where the APC has said,we will give South Easterner Presidential position? Me, I’m an advocate of all the political parties, the PDP, APC, APGA, etc, having their presidential candidates from the Southeast, but I cannot be forced into what I don’t know. If he discussed that with the APC, I was not there. He said, he is joining APC because of what is happening in the Southeast, and the South-East comprised of five States and if five States should be pursuing presidential position, one Governor, no matter how highly placed cannot negotiate on behalf of the Southeast. If the PDP offers you the Governorship ticket in 2023, will you accept? If the PDP sees me as the potential candidate, I will not object to that. I have all the qualifications to be a Governor. I have the qualifications to the President. I have the qualifications to be a Senator, and I cannot say, no. If Ebonyi sits and say, this is our candidate, in any party. I cannot say, no. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION