LAGOS – The Nigerian economy risks a further perpetuation of the current recession if the COVID-19 pandemic persists into Q1-2021, except the Federal Government deepens engagement with the private sector to fast-track job creation and investment generation, Financial Analysts have warned. The analysts also warned the government that the outlook for the business environment in 2021 is not very bright as there are no quick fixes for the structural issues and the desired regulatory and institutional reforms to save the nation’s economy from imminent collapse. President Muhammadu Buhari, during his New Year national broadcast on Friday, assured Nigerians that the on-going power sector reforms, and interventions designed to boost job creation and its support to drive entrepreneurship among youths, will yield desired results in 2021. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said: “The reforms we have put in place in the power sector would guarantee increased efficiency in our drive to significantly expand the generation and distribution of electricity for use in homes and factories. “As an administration, we are currently undertaking a series of special interventions designed to boost job creation and support the entrepreneurial drive of our youths. AfCFTA: Reopening Of Land Borders May Deepen Competition For Manufacturers – LCCI Total Nigeria Plc Projects N115.97bn Revenue In Q1 2021 “With the recent opening of our borders, we expect that the pent-up demand of legitimate cross-border and international trade will boost the fortunes of the many small businesses and agricultural enterprises that depend on Nigeria’s trade and commerce.” Dr. Timothy Olawale, the Director-General of the Nigeria Employers’ Consultative Association (NECA), in an exclusive interview with DAILY INDEPENDENT on outlook for Business Environment in Year 2021 and the government plans to create enabling environment for businesses, called for urgent steps to salvage the economy from total collapse as contradictions in monetary and fiscal policies only create confusion in the system and discourage investors. He said: “We urge government to deepen its collaboration with organised businesses with the view of ensuring the formulation and implementation of economic policies that will drive growth, promote employment creation and increase the confidence of investors’ in the country. “We need to go back to the fundamentals of our economy where such big issues like diversification of the economy, backward and forward integration, policy coherence, policy consistency and cross-sectoral local content policy will be given their pride of place and execution impetus. Every policy action and decision of government should be judged on the basis of its impact on job creation”. According to Dr. Olawale, “It is evidence that the Nigerian economy is facing a grave risk of hedging into deeper challenges if drastic and immediate economic transformation, focussed and strategic engagement are not implemented. Coupled with the political will to achieve the set targets in the near plausible period” He noted that the economy is currently grappling with the worst recession twice in five years, coupled with skyrocketing inflation rate (nearing 15% mark), high unemployment and underemployment rate (about 57%), unstable crude oil prices in the global market and effect of the global pandemic, which portends danger for the economy, businesses and individuals. Of greater concern is the second wave of the Covid-19 that is ravaging Europe with consequential effect on the nation’s economic recovery efforts. “As there is no one-size-fit-all approach in salvaging an economy faced with multi-faceted challenges like ours, we suggest a mix of fiscal, monetary and trade policies with political will in delivering the necessary actions”. Dr. Muda Yusuf, the Director General of Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI) in a conversation with DAILY INDEPENDENT on outlook for business environment this year, said the outlook for the business environment in 2021 is not very bright as the desired regulatory and institutional reforms by the government is unclear to investors. Yusuf, who is optimistic that hope is not lost on the revival of the nation’s economy, argued that the current security situation requires new strategies and approaches. He said: “The Nigerian economy risks a further perpetuation of the current recession if the pandemic persists into Q1-2021, and to foster economic resilience in 2021, quick implementation of structural reforms including review of the foreign exchange management framework and significant investment critical infrastructure developmental projects are imperative”. According to Yusuf, “Without bold policy pronouncements on the review of the foreign exchange management framework, constraints to the ease of doing business including FX shortage, escalating production costs, high regulatory costs, infrastructure inadequacies, and delayed cargo clearance, will persist into year 2021. These constraints will be more profound on businesses in the real economy.” Friday Nathaniel Udoh, Chief Coordinator, South-South, Institute of Chartered Economists of Nigeria, told our correspondent that the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 has markedly disrupted the nation’s economic system and daily life, sending Nigerians into various degrees of economic recession. He said: “We have just got to stay alive through 2021, and if we can get through 2021, the next decade is about this challenge of financing infrastructure, both hard infrastructure and digital infrastructure.” Udoh, who argued that the pandemic has also exacerbated poverty rates, noted that Nigeria is already in economic turmoil and at high risk of debt distress before the pandemic, only to be overwhelmed by the economic contraction caused by both the pandemic and the health measures used to contain the virus, such as lockdowns, limits on movements. Oyinkan Olasanoye, President of the Association of Senior Staff of Banks, Insurance and other Financial Institutions (ASSBIFI), told our correspondent that the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the country’s fiscal resources which propelled the Federal Government to undertake long-standing policy reforms, including the partial removal of fuel subsidies, introduction of service-reflective tariff model, transmission of the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) to the National Assembly and reduced dependence of CBN financing of the budget deficit, can only impacts the nation’s economy successfully if, “Federal Government can deepen engagement with the private sector as a way to fast-track job creation, investment generation the first quarter (Q1-2021), of this year. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION