UMUAHIA – Seven members of the Abia State House of Assembly from the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) may defect to the All Progressives Congress (APC) in May 2021, as plans are being made to welcome them in grand style into the party. The Minority Leader of the House and member representing Bende North State Constituency, Honourable Chijioke Chukwu, who dropped this bombshell at his country home while answering questions from a select group of newsmen, stated that what started as banter has become a serious issue. “For now, serious consultations to welcome them are ongoing as we, in APC, are making concrete plans to break the ranks of PDP in both the House and the government of Abia State. It’s better to stay in the mainstream than hang on in the periphery,” he declared. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He posited that most of them have realized the need to belong to the centre in order to be part of the socioeconomic and political meandering and winding saying out that a serious politician has to be in the mainstream to achieve result. “As for the Speaker of the Assembly, Rt Hon Chinedum Orji who is my friend; we’re still talking. If he eventually decides to join us, we’ll welcome him. In the next four months, APC will make a major breakthrough in the House. We’re not leaving anything to chance. Many of my colleagues are itching to join,” he insisted. Nigeria’s Problems Are Generational, Says Ohaneze Ndigbo Chieftain Arteta Confirms Arsenal’s First January Signing According to him, what started as a comedy by members in the Abia House of Assembly is now metamorphosing into a serious business, adding that most of them have approached him secretly to ask for details of their entry in the ruling APC and how they would retain their seats thereafter. On Governor Okezie Ikpeazu rumoured plan to join the party, Chukwu said the earlier he joins the better, explaining that some of the people in PDP have a leg in PDP and another in APC. “There’s nothing one can gain staying in the sideline. There are so many things one can get being at the centre, that’s being in the government that controls the central government. The Abia House Minority Leader therefore called on Okezie Ikpeazu to step up his game of ruling the state, adding that what is on ground does not reflect the huge funds realized so far from federal allocation as well as internally generated revenue (IGR). “I want to hold myself high when I see development in Abia comparable to states like Lagos, Akwa Ibom, Imo and even our neighbour of Ebonyi. If you don’t alien with the government at the centre, you’ll to suffer”, he enthused. However, the Abia lawmaker warned the leadership of the party to ensure members do not end up in self destruction, pointing out the wrangling in the party across the nation, particularly Abia State could jeopardize the chances of the party in future elections. “APC should be mindful of leadership crisis; there are so many wrangling in the party. They should do away with leadership crisis, self-centeredness, deceit, self aggrandizement, winner takes all etc”, even as he believed that the fictionalization of the party may spell doom for it.