Stanbic IBTC Holdings PLC, a member of Standard Bank Group, has stated that it continued to make remarkable contributions to children’s lives in communities where it operates. Stanbic IBTC, as part of its Corporate Social Investment (CSI) initiative, the financial institution’s Marketing and Corporate Communications department renovated the SOS Children’s Villages, Social Centre, located at Isolo in Lagos State. Members of the department gave the Social centre a face-lift with new wall paintings, sophisticated furniture, and donated an All-In-One computer to comfort the children in accessing the digital hub at their Ejigbo campus. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The facility is home to over 300 youths and over 2000 youths around Ejigbo will benefit from the upgraded space which includes a lounge, hub furniture and the all-in-one computer donated. SOS Children’s Villages is a non-governmental and non-denominational organisation that supports and provides for vulnerable children and young people who lack the required family care, protection and guidance. AXA Mansard Appoints New Non-Executive Director, As Two Directors Resign Vintage Farms Marks Fishing Festival In Port Harcourt Bridget Oyefeso-Odusami, Head, Marketing and Corporate Communications, Stanbic IBTC Holdings PLC, while reiterating Stanbic IBTC’s commitment to continue making a positive impact in the society, said that the organisation is keen on collaborating with reputable bodies such as the SOS Children’s Villages to foster the development of the nation’s younger generation. “We believe the future is digital, and we are happy to have donated useful items to enable the youths to stay up to date with digital learning, so they remain relevant in these times”, she said. According to her,  “At Stanbic IBTC, we are passionate about the wellbeing of our future leaders. As a socially responsible organisation, one of our major duties is to improve the quality of life of the needy in our society. This is what we aim to achieve through our Corporate Social Investment (CSI) initiatives.” Oyefeso-Odusami praised the management of the SOS Children’s Villages for their selfless service to humanity and encouraged the children to take advantage of the provisions made available within the facility. Expressing his gratitude to Stanbic IBTC for their thoughtfulness, Ayodeji Adelopo, Programme Director, SOS Children’s Villages Nigeria, said that the donations would enhance the impact that the organisation’s impact in the lives of the children. In his words: “These children need a conducive environment to learn as well as access to emerging technology and the digital space. Stanbic IBTC has given these young ones the kind of luxury that is not available to them, and for this, we are very grateful.” During her closing remarks, Maryam Daramola, Face-to-Face Fundraising Coordinator, SOS Children’s Villages, urged other corporate organisations, institutions, communities and governments to emulate the kind gesture of Stanbic IBTC in donating and partnering with them to make life better for the needy. Daramola stated that since the inception of the SOS Children’s Village, the organisation has consistently worked to keep families together, provide alternative care when needed, support young people on their path to independence, and advocate for children’s rights. The SOS Children’s Villages was founded in 1949 and is currently located in 135 countries and territories worldwide. The Nigerian arm of the organisation, established 46 years ago, has presence in Lagos, Ogun and Plateau as well as the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja. Earlier on, the Lagos Island Zone of Stanbic IBTC Bank PLC also renovated Ayodele Primary School in Ajegunle, Lagos State while Stanbic IBTC Stockbrokers Limited refurbished Ijamido Children’s Home at Ota in Ogun State. Stanbic IBTC continues to reiterate its commitment to supporting the growth of education in the country, especially through enhanced digital capabilities. This was demonstrated as the management of Estate Grammar School, Ilupeju, Oshodi, received a fully furnished digital library from the Operations Shared Services (OSS) department of Stanbic IBTC Bank PLC. Similarly, at the Love Home Orphanage, Magodo, Lagos, the Business Transformation Programmes (BTP) department of Stanbic IBTC Holdings PLC donated food and other household items to orphans whose means of survival is dependent on generous donations from socially responsible corporate institutions. According to Gbenga Onabanjo, Head Business Transformation Programmes, “there is nothing more heartwarming than seeing smiles you put in the faces of those who need it the most, people who have never met you but somehow have had their lives impacted from your kind gesture. It is not something we take for granted at Stanbic IBTC.” The foremost end-to-end financial services provider, through these interventions, has proven that it will not relent in its contribution to Nigeria’s socio-economic development. 