LAGOS – A Catholic Priest, Reverend Father Hyacinth Ibeh, and the Onyebu­chi family have expressed sadness over the sudden death of their son, Chuk­wuemeka Anichukwu-Eg­bo, who was gruesomely murdered in Ogun State. Rev Fr. Ibeh who adopted the deceased, Chukwueme­ka, and his siblings after their Parent’s demise, described his death as indescribable pain for him and the family and called on the police to fish out those who murdered his son and bring them to book. Chukwuemeka before his death was an employee of Di­versey West Africa Limited, Ikeja, Lagos, before he was transferred to Ijebu-Ode as a supervisor until he suddenly disappeared for two weeks be­fore his remains were found in a mortuary in Ogun State. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to the family, it was a huge relief when Emeka started working after he was graduated from Ebonyi State University as he was able to support his two sisters finan­cially until his life was cut short by unknown persons. It was gathered that the de­ceased landlord called his el­der sister, informing her that he was missing on November 28, 2020 and she rushed down to Ijebu-Ode, Ogun State in search of his brother. Ekiti Varsity Land: 24 Families Face Eviction As Panel Issues Quit Notice Fire Claims Family Of 3 In Kano “When I got to where he lived at Golden Estate, off Ibadan Road in Ijebu-Ode on Monday, I met his door locked but all his applianc­es were left on including his generator set that he left out­side, this is very unusual of my brother because he will always put off his applianc­es before leaving the house. “I went to Igbeba Police Station to report and we went in search of him, and on December 14,2020, I got a call from the police asking if I would be able to identify his belongings if I see them; and I immediately rushed down and met the corpse of my brother at an unregistered private morgue in Ijebu-Ode. The manager of the morgue said he picked his corpse somewhere around Lagos garage with the claim that he was called by someone to come and pick his corpse. Emeka’s sister further said the mortuary atten­dant said he picked the corpse after a cult clash in the area but when asked who authorised him to embalm the corpse, he couldn’t provide an answer. The family also said there were some disturbing issues surrounding the death of the deceased and these include a stitch that was in his chest despite the fact that he wasn’t taken to any hospital when he was said to be allegedly shot.