The last retreat held by Deeper Christian Life Ministry was one of the proofs God answers prayers and can use odd situations to perform His will, the church revealed. Due to the directives government both at state and federal levels issued in a bid to curtail the second wave of the pandemic, including 50 percent attendance capacity, the Church said it came up with a contingency plan, especially in Lagos, to hold the retreat at district level which comprises a fewer number of worshippers. At the retreat ‘Bitterness To Joy’, Steve Obidi, a Pastor in one the Lagos branches of the church said, “The just concluded December Retreat is proof that God works even in odd situations to perform His will. Despite the disruptions occasioned by COVID-19 regulations and the drastic adjustments that the church made in compliance, the Lord truly visited us with remarkable spiritual refreshing. This is the uniform testimony from different clusters and locations within and outside Lagos where the programme held. ” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Goodluck Anyatonwu, a pastor in one of the local government areas of Abia State, said, “Devil never outsmarts God. He is God all the time. Devil cannot frustrate the plan of God. The programme was great in our location. The attendance was great. Those who would not have attended the retreat if it held at our retreat ground, had the opportunity to attend. We really thank God for the success across the country.” Daniel Bamigbayan, the Young Professionals Forum (YPF) president, said the retreat was a great time in God’s presence. According to him, it was an opportunity to take a break from the hustles and bustles of work and get refreshed spiritually. COVID-19 And Satanic Manipulations Of Humanity The Unquestionable God That Need To Be Feared He further said that though the retreat was decentralised on the back of the COVID-19 restriction nationwide, the spacing of the messages gave more room for deeper reflection. “The most visible impact of the sudden change in venue is the effect on the planned human and material resources for the event. However, this impact was not significant because the change in venue also came with reduction in participants’ size at the new locations, Bamigbayan said, adding that it made management of the retreat easier. Bamigbayan, also said the last minute change in the initial programme and venue of the retreat reinforces the priority of agility as a key skill in this era. He also said that the church is not exempted from this necessity of being adaptable to change in order to survive. “The change in messages robbed a bit on expectations especially in view of the theme of the event. However, because the new messages were still the word of God, I benefited immensely and got new learning from the retreat,” Bamigbayan said. One of the worshippers in Lagos, who pleaded anonymity, disclosed that more people had the opportunity to attend the retreat this year due to proximity of the centres, unlike other times that they had to travel to the Deeper Life Conference Centre (DLCC) camp ground along the Lagos-Ibadan expressway. According to him, having the retreat in smaller clusters emphasised two things. First is the need for believers to draw closer to God no matter the challenge the devil throws at us, since we know that God is a sure refuge; even while maintaining physical and social distance as the COVID-19 protocols demanded.