The Lagos State Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi, says the state government and Ministry of Health will not condone any form of arbitrariness by its officials. Abayomi made this known through a series of tweets on his official Twitter account @ProfAkinAbayomi on Thursday night, while making “Clarifications on Corruption Allegations about COVID-19 Testing in the State”. An unidentified lady, had in a viral video accused some state government officials, especially at Infectious Diseases Hospital, Yaba, of extortion and refusing to attend promptly to COVID-19 patients. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Abayomi said the state government and its Ministry of Health considered it pertinent to make the clarifications on account of series of unfounded corruption allegations supposedly against officials of the state Biobank and Infectious Diseases Hospital, Yaba. The commissioner reaffirmed that there was zero tolerance for corruption in any of the state’s health facilities and public laboratories. COVID-19 Pandemic Opportunity To Upgrade Nigeria’s Public Health Infrastructure Osinbajo Seyi Makinde Urges Nigerian Youths To Emulate Oyekola’s Feat In Winning World Title “It is imperative to clarify that public laboratories are only obliged to conduct #COVID19 tests on individuals who either have symptoms of infections or who have contact with positive cases of #COVID19 including patients undergoing further medical or surgical procedures. “On the other hand, private laboratories mostly attend to people desiring #COVID19 tests for purposes of travelling, school resumption and other certification reasons that may not be requiring immediate medical attention,” Abayomi said. He advised people making such allegations to get their facts right by disclosing the locations of such laboratories. According to him, they should as well identify public officials who requested for inducement or engage in corrupt practices. “It must be emphasised that @followlasg and @LSMOH will not condone any form of arbitrariness by officials. “Indeed, there is zero tolerance for corruption in any of our health facilities and public laboratories in Lagos State. “We, therefore, urge all stakeholders and indeed Lagos residents to seek clarifications on any issues to avoid being swayed by those acting on ignorance or engaging in deliberate misinformation and mischief,” he said.