LAGOS – The Lagos Chamber of Commerce and Industry (LCCI), has stated that the recent reopening of the land borders by the Federal Government will provide succour to the manufacturing sector even as the kick-off of African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) serves as avenue to deepen competition for manufacturers to penetrate new African markets. LCCI in its’ Economic and Business Review for Year 2020 and Outlook for Year 2021 report’, however, emphasised that critical challenges such as FX scarcity, inconsistent FX policies, inefficient transport infrastructure, high production cost, weak consumer demand and the new competitiveness pressure foisted by the AfCFTA may dampen the recovery prospects of the sector in year 2021. Part of the report said: “We expect the CBN to sustain its intervention efforts in the manufacturing sector as part of measures to boost economic recovery. We see the CBN maintaining policies that supports credit extension to the real economy. The low interest environment in the money market favours big manufacturing players in terms of raising cheap capital but the business environment will remain challenging for manufacturing SMEs. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “In our view, credit flows to the manufacturing sector will fail to achieve desired outcomes without putting in place measures to address structural, bottlenecks in the ports and customs processes and other policy challenges to productivity. Thus, we see growth of the manufacturing sector being subdued in the near to medium term”, it said. According to LCCI, the manufacturing sector in 2020 was faced with several structural challenges, with adverse impact on growth performance. Commitment To Good Governance Will Improve Nigeria’s Integrity In SOEs -W’Bank Balogun Market: Traders React To Shift In Resumption Date After Yuletide “The sector has been struggling with growth in recent years due to tough operating conditions in the local business environment and has made most industry players less competitive in the domestic and regional markets. “Manufacturing sector contracted by 8.8% at the peak of pandemic in Q2-2020 as coivd-19 disruptions, border closure and FX illiquidity subdued activities in the sector. However, the magnitude of contraction moderated to 1.51% in Q3-2020 following lifting of lockdown measures which supported resumption of activities in the sector. “Nonetheless, lingering FX crisis was perhaps the most significant challenge for the sector in the outgoing year as most industry players found it increasingly difficult to access FX meant for importation of critical factor inputs. Moreover, increased pressure on consumer purchasing power threatened the earnings performance of manufacturers in the FMCG space, which propelled them to ‘sachetize’ their product portfolio in a bid to boost patronage”. On trade, LCCI stated that the performance of the trade sector has been very underwhelming before the COVID-19 pandemic due to a number of constraints including weak consumer demand, exchange rate depreciation, FX liquidity crisis, ports and customs issues, land border closure, logistics challenges. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION