Disagreement has con­tinued to trail the dem­olition of a facility by the Kaduna State Gov­ernment while the owner of the building faulted the exercise and threatened to sue the state government for defamation and losses. While the Director-General, National Council for Arts and Culture (NCAC), Olusegun Runsewe, commended Gover­nor Nasir el-Rufai for the dem­olition, human rights advocate, Femi Falana (SAN), said Nasir el-Rufai flouted Section 79 of the Kaduna State Urban and Regional Planning Law, 2018. Asher Kings and Queens Restaurant and Lounge, locat­ed at Sabon Tasha, in Kaduna, was demolished on December 31, 2020 days after “Kaduna Sex Party” poster appeared in public. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The owner, Aisha Yakubu, said she lost one-month preg­nancy due to the trauma she suffered as she watched the demolition of her property. The demolition was carried out by Kaduna State Urban Planning and Development Agency (KASUPDA) on the or­der of Governor el-Rufai, the agency said, alleging that the party was to hold at Asher. India Detains Chinese Soldier At Flashpoint Border Mali Strike Targeted Jihadists, Not Wedding Party, Says France’s Military “KASUPDA have demolished Asher Hotel in Barnawa Kadu­na South,” the agency said in a tweet on January 1, 2021. “Asher Hotel was the pro­posed venue for the Kadu­na Sex Party, the hotel was also caught contravening the Covid-19 guidelines of the state. KASUPDA will not hesitate to demolish properties used for such immoral act.” In a statement on January 3, 2021, Runsewe commended el-Rufai for the demolition, saying “such sex party was a total disrespect for the Nigeri­an culture.” Runsewe, according to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN), said that el-Rufai “deserved ku­dos for prompt response to the disgusting sex party by prompt­ly demolishing the building as a warning to others who could be planning such immorality.” “But for this intervention by the governor, Kaduna State possibly would become the new capital and destination for sex tourism in Nigeria. “This will lead to social dis­connect and dislocations with drug peddling in tow and our children destroyed in the pro­cess. “In 1992, Senegal and Ugan­da, experienced massive influx of sex tourists and immediately took hard measures to curb it because if left unchecked, sex tourism will damage the spiri­tual, moral and cultural values of any society. “And there is no sentiments about dealing with it as Gov­ernor el-Rufai has done,’’ he stated. Government’s Double Standard As controversy continued to trail the demolition of the hotel facility, the Kaduna State Government on Tuesday gave fresh reasons why it ordered the demolition of Asher Hotel and Lounge which it earlier said it did because of a planned nude party. The Kaduna state govern­ment now said the building housing the hotel is illegal hence its demolition. In a statement signed by the Director General of KASUPDA, Ismail Dikko, the agency said the demolition was not hinged on the supposed “immoral” par­ty as previously posited. Dikko said government re­cords “showed that the build­ing housing Asher Lounge has neither a valid title nor devel­opment permit.” “On Thursday, 31st December 2020, the Kaduna State Urban Development and Planning Au­thority (KASUPDA) took action to remove the building housing Asher Lounge. “Since this enforcement ac­tion, much of the commentary on the matter has centred on the inaccurate statement from KASUPDA’s Twitter account. While regretting the inaccu­racy of the handler of our social media account, there is no reservation about the steps taken pursuant to enforce the laws and regulations of Kaduna State on a property that was in violation of its provisions. “Since 26th March 2020, the Coronavirus Disease (COVID-19) Partial Lockdown Order, 2020 have been in force in Kaduna State. Although some of the regulations were significantly relaxed in June 2020, they were tightened again in December 2020 in response to a second wave of Covid-19 infections. “Indications that an activity in violation of the COVID-19 regulations was planned to be held in Asher Lounge drew attention to the property and made it necessary to exam­ine the status of the building. Checks of government records showed that the building hous­ing Asher Lounge has neither a valid title nor development permit. Once due diligence re­vealed the illegal status of the building, there was need for enforcement action without the notification requirements that the law compels for holders of valid title and development permits. “The illegal status of the building became a very sepa­rate matter from the trigger event: the third-party elements who had planned and adver­tised an unlawful gathering on those premises. “Violation of a set of rules and regulations may lead to a focus on the status of com­pliance with other laws and regulations. This happened in the case of a school whose management were caught flout­ing Covid-19 regulations. This led the relevant authorities to check official records which re­vealed the school to be a serial violator, quite apart from the Covid-19 infraction that drew attention in the first place. “It is sadly true that many people have developed proper­ty without bothering to acquire valid title or secure develop­ment permit. Aware of such mass infractions, the Kaduna State Government has created a pathway since 2015 to enable people to regularise their titles and move away from illegality. KASUPDA has also tried to as­sist willing citizens to obtain development permits for new projects and to remedy their lack of same for extant proj­ects. “More recently, Kaduna State Government officials across agencies have been engaged in the Public Service on Wheels programme. As the develop­ment control agency, KASUPDA has been an active participant in this programme along with KADGIS, the agency responsi­ble for land administration in the state. “By virtue of various land administration and develop­ment control initiatives con­ceived and implemented in the last five years, there is no excuse for anyone in Kaduna State to remain without valid title to their property and per­mits for any development there­on. Residents that have taken advantage of this opportunity have thereby been assisted to vest their property with legal status. Those who have chosen to remain in violation and have shunned opportunities to regu­larise their status cannot argue from sentiment when enforce­ment actions are taken. “There are many properties in Kaduna State that are in this category. Their sheer number means that KASUPDA does not have the staff strength to undertake enforcement action on all of them. But those whose cases come to agency’s atten­tion and are found not to have the necessary papers cannot expect inaction.” There Was No Sex Party – Yakubu Nevertheless, Aisha Yakubu, the owner of Asher, debunked the government’s claim and said there was no plan to use her property for the said sex party. “I denied knowledge of that event as there was nothing of that sort taking place at the restaurant and I wouldn’t stoop so low to entertain such illicit activity at my place,” she said in her statement, disclosing what she had told the police before the demolition. “But the Police refused to be­lieve me and had my friend and two of my staff detained for one night, one day, until the custom­er that had earlier hired the place for usage on that fateful day was also arrested the next day. They were released after paying a “bail fee” of N100, 000 to Inspector Felix and one other lady Officer, fair in complexion. The customer, she said, had on December 27, 2020, “hired the VIP Lounge for a 15-man reunion/Clothing line promo, to appreciate his customers for their good patronage of his brands.” She identified the customer as one Mr. Chimezie. She said the police team had arrived before the commence­ment of the reunion party and taken him and others away. “When we arrived the police station, my customer, who ac­companied me to the station, enquired what the matter was and the Police showed us a post­er on a GSM phone belonging to one of the officers by name Inspector Felix. It was a post­er of an event titled; KADUNA SEX PARTY, which the police claimed the venue for the sup­posed “sex party” was sched­uled to hold at my restaurant, even though with no address of where it will take place on the poster. Police Incompetence She further said, “I noticed how incompetent the NPF were, I suggested to them to call the number on the supposed “Ka­duna Sex Party” poster, which they immediately put a call through and a name came out using the True Caller App as MARVELLOUS AKPAN. The Police asked me to pay a fee of N20, 000 for them to do their job of tracking the user of the phone number, which I imme­diately paid them so that they would swing into action.” “Marvellous Akpan was ar­rested the next. He was interro­gated and he obliged to owning the phone number on the poster address. Mr. Chimeze, who had hired the place, was released, summarily, after the successful arrest of Mr. Akpan. “The next day, 31st December, while at the other branch of my restaurant, at Court Road, Sab­on Tasha, Kaduna, a friend of mine called me asked me to go to the main restaurant and see what was going on. I immedi­ately went and saw a combined team of policemen, soldiers, KASTLEA and vigilante groups guarded a pay loader to demol­ish my restaurant. No prior notice was served to me before the demolition, there was no any form of communication between I and the Kaduna State Property Development Agency (KASUPDA) who came to de­molish the building structure. “Even when they arrived the location, the main entrance to the main restaurant and the restaurant was under lock and key. There was no any form of communication to me. “I watched them pull down the building without allowing me remove any item before the demolition. As a result of the trauma, I lost my one month old pregnancy. “I also incurred the follow­ing loses: cooking utensils, furniture, electric appliances, chillers, deep freezers, bearings out door catering utensils, cash worth over N32 million, as the place was abruptly vandalised after the demolition. “I plan to seek legal redress for defamation of my character and the loss of my properties in the building.” How It All Started The Kaduna State Police Command later paraded some youths who were allegedly be­hind the aborted maiden edi­tion of a sex party in the state. The youths had advertised the event on social media plat­forms, revealing that the sex party was scheduled to hold on December 27, 2020 at an un­disclosed location in the state capital. The invitation detailed that participants, male and female, were expected to be naked as no clothes would be allowed at the venue Also, the party which was slated to start at 8 pm, would last till daybreak to allow par­ticipants interested in having sex during the party to do so. The invite stated that inter­ested participants would have to pay N2, 000 (for the popular side) and N3, 000 or N5, 000 (for VIP). Speaking to journalists, one of the promoters of the event, said, “Kaduna Sex Party start­ed as a joke between me and my friends; it was not meant to go public. It was not meant to cause any nuisance among the public in Kaduna State. It was just someone that felt that she was too brilliant that posted it on Twitter. “I never posted the party in­vite on Twitter. Yes, I initiated it, yes, it started as a joke, but I keep saying it, it was not meant to disturb the peace and securi­ty of Kaduna. The whole thing was a joke. A friend made the flier that was posted on Twit­ter and put my number on it and we all laughed over it, but somebody sent it to someone and then to another person, until it got to Twitter.” The Special Assistant to Governor el-Rufai on the Me­dia, Abdullah Yunus, said the police had made some arrests. He said the police acted promptly to an advertisement placed on social media plat­forms. “When we got to know of this development, the government was disturbed and the gover­nor, Mallam Nasir el-Rufai, informed the police,” Yunus stated. Confirming the development, the command’s Public Rela­tions Officer, ASP Mohammed Jalige, said police operatives were able to trace the venue and made some arrests. He, however, refused to give other details as to the number and identities of those picked up. The police spokesman said the command had launched an investigation to unravel those behind the sex party, adding, “We are investigating those be­hind the sex party and will soon give details of our findings.” PDP Spokesman, Others Arraigned The Kaduna State Govern­ment on Wednesday arraigned the Publicity Secretary of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in the state, Abraham Alberah, and four others for alleged attempted adultery and organising a nude party in breach of the COVID-19 pro­tocol. Alberah is the husband of Aisha Yakubu, the owner of Asher Lounge. According to the charge sheet, the nude party had al­ready begun on December 27, 2020, when policemen arrived at the scene. The accused persons, who were brought before Gabasawa Magistrate Court, were also ac­cused of flouting the COVID-19 protocol and acting immorally. The charge read in part, “Violation of partial lockdown order of the Kaduna State Gov­ernment 2020, criminal conspir­acy and attempt to commit an offence to wit public nuisance, obscene or indecent act, gross indecency and adultery. “On December 27, 2020 at about 21.30 hours, credible in­formation was received at Sab­on Tasha police station to the effect that a sex party was or­ganised by some unknown per­sons to hold at a venue called Asher Guest Lounge located at Court Road, Sabon Tasha at Chikun local government area, Kaduna State to hold at about 19.00 hours. “On receipt of the infor­mation, a team of policemen from Sabon Tasha Police Sta­tion rushed down to the scene mentioned above and found the said lounge filled up with over 50 youths both male and female dancing almost naked with no face mask on any of them. “On sighting the policemen, the whole of the arena became chaotic as the said youths jumped from one corner to the other and escaped over the fence. Three suspects were ar­rested- Mr. Abraham Alberah, Umar Rufai and Suleiman Lem­ona while two others: Chimezie Kenneth, who organised the party and Marvellous Akpan, who disseminated the informa­tion (sic).” The accused persons pleaded not guilty. Magistrate Benjamin Nok granted bail to the tune of N100, 000 each with a sure­ty who must own property in Abuja. The case was adjourned till January 20, 2021, for trial. El-Rufai Acted Illegally – Falana Human rights advocate, Femi Falana (SAN), said during the week that Governor Nasir el-Rufai flouted Section 79 of the Kaduna State Urban and Regional Planning Law, 2018, which he personally signed when his government demol­ished Asher Lounge, the venue of the aborted sex party. Falana noted that el-Rufai’s government flouted several sec­tions of the legislation. The senior advocate said that there was nowhere the law mandated the government or its agencies to pull down a building without prior notice or giving room for fair hearing. He said, “The law which was signed by el-Rufai in 2018 does not allow for demolition with­out a notice. Section 79 of the law is clear. No governor has the right to authorise a demoli­tion of the property of anyone. “The governor cannot be the accuser, the prosecutor, the judge and the executor of the judgment. All the states in Ni­geria have similar laws, wheth­er in Rivers or Lagos. None has the power to pull down the property of any citizen who has not been given the opportunity of making a representation. “No one is in support of sex parties taking place in the country but anyone found wanting should be arrested and prosecuted according to the law. They should have prosecut­ed those accused of committing the offence and not pulled down the building,” he said.