UYO – Mrs. Mfon Udoidiong, a widow, has cried out to the Commission of In­quiry into Incidences of Police Bru­tality that a policeman, Mr. Idongesit Ekanem, killed her son over N100 on September 9, 2017. Udoidiong, a petty trader from Nkek, Ukanafun Local Government Area of Akwa Ibom State, made the disclosure at the resumption from Christmas break of the Panel of In­vestigation on Incidences of Police Brutality, headed by Justice Ifiok Ukana (rtd), at High Court Complex in Uyo on Thursday. She said her son, late Mr. Imo Udoidiong, came home from Uyo City Polytechnic, where he attended lectures and decided to visit a view­ing centre. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “After some hours his friend came to announce that my son was shot dead by a police officer who de­manded money from him. “The family of Idongesit Ekanem, the police officer involved only sup­ported me with N200, 000 to buy coffin and bury my son,” Udoidiong said. Casualty Figure Uncertain As Fuel Tanker Catches Fire In Lagos Yahaya Bello Sympathises With Victims’ Relations As Auto Crash Claims 14 Lives In Kogi She added that since then, she had been neglected and the police have not shown any concern. “The family of the police officer promised to give me N1, 000, 000 for me to move on with my life. But till today nobody has given me any­thing apart from that N200,000 they gave me to buy coffin to bury my son,” she said. An eyewitness, a mechanic en­gineer, Mr. Ubong Monday, told the panel that the deceased was his class­mate in secondary school, whom he met on his way to buy spare parts. Monday said that late Udoidiong asked for assistance to reach where he was going since he was using a motorcycle. “Close to Ukanafun Stadium, some policemen stopped us and demanded for N100 before we could pass. “We told them that we do not have money to give, and my friend went down from the motorcycle to meet the leader of the patrol in their vehicle for explanation. “Then the senior officer told them to allow us to pass. When Udoidiong tried to climb the bike, Ekanem (the suspect) came with his friend and attacked him with sticks for reporting him. “Not satisfied, Ekanem went and brought a gun, corked it and shot Udoidiong who died instantly. “When queried on why he shot the victim at the police station in Ukanafun, Ekanem said it was an accidental discharge,” he said. Counsel to the petitioner, Mr. Au­gustine Udoh, on his part prayed the court to drag the suspected police officer who was said to have been dismissed from service to appear for questioning on the matter. Meanwhile, the panel has ad­journed the case to January 21, 2021 for further hearing.