A Civil Society Group has decried the plans by educational institutions across the country to resume academic activities without adequate safety measures to contain the devastating impacts of the second wave of COVID-19. The National Coordinator of Network for Democracy and Development (NDD), Mr. Tajudeen Alabede who made the call on Sunday in a maiden Virtual Press Conference of the group on the state of the nation, said it was discomforting that many Governments have not gone beyond merely issuing statements encouraging schools to observe COVID-19 protocols leaving the hapless students, pupils and staff to their fate as adequate safety measures were not put in place by the Federal and State Governments to contain the spread of the disease He noted that instead of general resumption, there could have been a well-coordinated phased resumption in a way that would prevent overcrowding in the institutions. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to him, “The consequences of poorly regulated resumption plans amidst the rising cases of COVID-19 may be catastrophic. “Nigeria has witnessed a devastating impact of the second wave of COVID-19, including the death of some high-profile citizens in the past few weeks. NDD is, therefore, alarmed by the plans by educational institutions across the country to resume academic activities without adequate safety measures. NGO Donates Medical Equipment, Consumables To Hospital In Ogun SWAN Mourns As Oyo Amateur Boxing Chair, Opaleye  Dies “NDD considers this inappropriate as the primary duty of any government is the security and wellbeing of the citizens”.”It is an irony that, while the plan for schools to resume is moving at a high speed, the same governments are vigorously campaigning against large gatherings. “That this is taking place against the background of insecurity across the country makes it all the more indefensible. What NDD expects is for the Government at all levels to regard COVID-19 as a national emergency which would demand that affected sectors are provided withall the necessary support that they need to cope with the impact of the pandemic. “In the minimum, Government should consider providing facilities for virtual classes, deploying health and security personnel to schools to handle emergencies, providing hand sanitisers and masks to students and staff, providing testing facilities for compulsory testing of all students and staff and setting up isolation centres in all Local Governments. “We commend University of Ilorin and a few other institutions that have properly articulated their phased resumption plans. “The education sector embraces the largest percentage of citizens from kindergarten to postgraduate classes. It is a sector that is most affected by COVID-19 pandemic”. He noted that for almost a year that the country has been battling with COVID-19, the nation is yet to take advantage of the pandemic and its attendant negative effects to radically overhaul the affected sectors, especially, education, health and agriculture, with a view to bringing them in compliance with the new realities. “Almost one year after the index case of COVID-19 was recorded in Nigeria, we seem not to have learned many lessons. The nation is yet to take advantage of the pandemic and its attendant negative effects to radically overhaul the affected sectors, especially, education, health and agriculture, with a view to bringing them in compliance with the “new normal. “COVID-19 should provide an impetus for an upgrade of the nation’s health facilities. Greater attention needs to be given to primary healthcare. The effort to strengthen the health system should include a massive investment in Primary Health Centres across the country. If a major percentage of annual budgetary allocation to health could be spent in this area, this will reduce the burden on the tertiary health institutions which are to focus and deliver on specialist services. “In addition to this, public awareness on public health should increase, National Health Insurance Scheme (NHIS) should be reorganized to meet up with global best practices and changing trends of health care needs and there should be more investment in research and development, alternative medicine and the training and remuneration of medical personnel to discourage brain drain. Nigeria should strive to come out of the pandemic stronger”.