In recent times, the Youth Development and Sports Minister, Mr. Sunday Dare has expressed the willingness of his ministry to transform the nation’s sporting sector from a merely recreational industry to a revenue-generating one. To prove that he was not merely seeking the headlines, Mr Dare set-up a committee for the rehabilitation of the National Stadium, Surulere, Lagos commonly referred to as the sportscity in its years of glory.Under Mr Dare, the Federal Ministry of Youth Development and Sports also extended financial support to some of the nation’s sporting ambassadors,dead or alive, as well as created the country’s first ever Hall of Fame consisting of sixty sporting icons out of an army of sporting heroes and heroines to mark Nigeria’s 60th independence anniversary. The Federal Ministry of Youth Development and Sports headed by Mr. Dare deserves commendation for the laudable initiatives. The initiatives will, no doubt prompt some youths to take to sports for their livelihoods while seeking to campaign for honours for Nigeria. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! But, in all sincerity, such initiatives appear quite minimal, to say the least, to lift Nigeria’s sporting industry from her present state of backwardness replete with unending intrigues, purposelessness, misappropriation and embezzlement of funds. Unfortunately, what some Nigerians know about the nation’s sporting industry revolve arguments regarding the competitors to be invited for international assignments, coaches to handle the different teams and the boardroom politics surrounding the release and disbursement of funds for international engagements. For NDDC Forensic Audit Credibility Local Council Elections, INEC And State Governors No doubt, such developments can not be wished away from the sports industry of any country, whether developing or developed. But they can not be the dominant features of reference regarding the sports industry. If the contrary is the case as it pertains to Nigeria, then all is not well with the country’s sports industry. The move to transform the sports industry into a revenue-generating sector must be anchored on solid foundation for a sustainable sporting development. In order to actualise this, the different Federal Ministries in-charge of Education; and Youth Development as well as Sports should be integrated into one. Where it is not possible so as to guard against job-losses, the Federal Ministries with mandate for Education; and Youth Development as well as Sports should make collaboration a norm rather than an exception. This will help ensure that sports is fully fused into the curricula of all educational institutions owned and administered by the Federal Government. Since education is on the Concurrent Legislative List, states should be persuaded to do a similar thing. The Federal and States Governments should ensure that educational institutions owned and administered by them have recreational facilities with all pupils and students encouraged to maximally participate in different sporting disciplines. Sports will be accorded an accelerated development once pupils and students are prompted to replicate the brilliance in the classrooms on the different sporting grounds. This will help ensure a steady supply of talented sportsmen and women for all the sporting disciplines in the country. Proper management of the talented sportsmen and women from the nation’s educational institutions and elsewhere will, no doubt, require improved probity, transparency, accountability and managerial acumen. We therefore stress the need for square pegs to be put in square holes to be thrown-up by integrity- oriented and democratic structures to help deliver the long awaited promise of a commercially successful sporting sector in 2021, in a manner devoid of intrigues and controversies. This is key as stakeholders especially sponsors usually anchor their investment decisions on the transparent, hitch-free and commercially-successful management of the different sporting disciplines. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION