ABUJA – For Nigeria to overcome the challenges of insecurity, economic recession and the COVID-19 pandemic, citizens must unite and reignite the persevering spirit that Nigerians are known for. The Deputy President of the Senate, Ovie Omo-Agege, stated this on Friday in a New Year message to Nigerians. In the message, the Delta State-born Senator encouraged Nigerians not to give in to despair despite the avalanche of challenges that trailed the preceding year 2020. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to a statement signed by Yomi Odunuga, Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Omo-Agege called on Nigerians to once again demonstrate to the world that they can overcome together. Suing for unity, the Deputy Senate President noted that “as Nigerians, we stand together, confident that we shall again, overcome these challenges. Our ability to overcome our challenges collectively have never been in doubt, what we need now more than ever is to galvanise these unique qualities for the good of all.”  Obi Wishes Nigerians Will Work With Devotion To Overcome 2020 Challenges While recalling the impact of the Corona-Virus disease on the world, Senator Omo-Agege asked Nigerians never to give up even though the disease “has upended the global economy with its devastating effects not only on health, but on domestic economies and multilateral trade, cooperation and aid. It has led to recession in various countries, killed over a million people and wiped out millions of jobs.” On insecurity, he underscored the need for unity, the spirit of togetherness and love for one another in order to put an end to the menace. “We are also confronted with security challenges in most parts of the country. “As a people, we must continue to imbibe the spirit of togetherness and love for one another. We must also support government at all levels by contributing our quota to the generation of wealth and the alleviation of poverty in the land,” he stated. On the ongoing Constitution Review exercise, the Delta Central lawmaker who Chairs the Senate Adhoc Committee on Constitution Review, assured that the Senate would be fair to all, adding that all hands are on deck to ensure that the report of the panel would be ready in record time. He regretted that the recent pandemic slowed down legislative action on the Constitution Alteration Bill which was supposed to be voted on in December 2020. “The Coronavirus pandemic disrupted our earlier plans to have the constitution alteration bills voted on sometime in December last year. Consequently, we will have those votes taken on each of these bills separately in not too distant time.” While expressing firm believe that the country was on course to true greatness, Omo-Agege challenged Nigerians to keep hope alive “as we renew our collective resolve to ensure that the dreams and labour of our heroes past are transformed into a better future for succeeding generations.” SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION