AWKA- The Federal Government has earmarked N52 billion to engage 774, 000 youths in its novel Extended Special Public Works Programme (ESPW) in the 774 local councils in the country. The Minister of Labour and Employment Senator Chris Ngige disclosed this at the weekend during the flag -off of the programme at Awka South local government Secretariat, Amawbia, Anambra state. Senator Ngige said the programme would cushion the effects of COVID-19 pandemic amongst the lower class in the society and lift some people from abject poverty, stressing that about N42billion would go into salaries of the participants. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to him, the Extended Special Public Works Programme under National Directorate of Employment, (NDE) is a Pilot scheme for Special Public Works Programme in the rural communities approved by President Muhammad Buhari, in early part of last year 2020. Ngige said: “The pilot programme was implemented in eight states of the federation including Adamawa, Borno, Ebonyi, Edo, Ekiti, Jigawa, Katsina and Kwara, in order to gauge its impact on addressing the ballooning population of the unemployed and rising insecurity in some parts of the country.” INEC/Professor: Witness’ Statement Stalls Court Process Opposition Discrediting Amotekun To Disparage Makinde’s Achievements- Oyo Commissioner “This strategy was adopted to fast-track the achievements of the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan (2017-2020).” “Our target is to immediately engage the 774,000 selected unemployed Nigerians for the programme to execute carefully selected projects across the 774 local government areas in the country.” “Each participating local government identified its preferred projects and will be responsible for ensuring that they are executed as planned. It is instructive to mention that all the tools and equipment required have been provided hence the federal government expects strong commitment from all stakeholders in ensuring efficient implementation.” Ngige said that lthough, the ESPW is an ephemeral strategy, to last for three months, January 5-April 4, 2021, he was convinced that it will provide the necessary economic palliatives to the 774,000 unemployed youths. He further said that the federal government will monitor the implementation of the programme to ascertain the efficient utilisation of every resources, both human and material committed to it. In his welcome address, the acting Director General of National Directorate of Employment, Mallam Abubakar Nuhu Fikpo said the programme was very significant in Nigeria’s quest to win the war against mass unemployment as well as to ameliorate the effect of COVID-19 pandemic. According to Fikpo, “Our communities will receive a facelift through the activities of participants as they will engage in various community/environment specific public works activities ranging from drainage clearing and maintenance, vegetation control, feeder roads maintenance, great green wall and orchards maintenance among others.” “Appropriate working tools as well as protective wears have been provided for all participants in their daily schedule.” “Equally, all participants have been duly documented and their details captured by designated banks to guarantee a fraud free, transparent and fair service delivery.”