Hon Idongesit Ituen, former Member, House of Assembly in Akwa Ibom State, in this interview with DANIEL ABIA, called on the new management of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) to hurriedly complete the forensic audit exercise. Excerpts: There are so many hue and cries out there about the appointment of a sole administrator for the NDDC even when there is no provision in the Act that established it in 2000. What is your take in this? First, it may be true that those critics did not take proper time to read the NDDC Act very well. They have to look at it again critically. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! There is a provision for the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to exercise some control over the Commission, and he has the backing of the law to do as he pleases especially in appointments. There had been people out there who never wanted to look at the development of the Niger Delta region. It is very difficult to wrestle the NDDC from cabal that has been controlling it over the years. That is the main reason why Senator Godswill Akpabio needs our support and prayers. Ex-Agitators Extol Akwah’s Competence To Lead NDDC Rivers Community Barricades Afam Power Plant He is confronting principality that has never worked for the good of the region. These are the people who have never had the interest of the region at heart and have never worked for the development of the region. What is your expectation of the short term regime of this present sole administrator of the NDDC within the period he would be in the office? He should see to the conclusion of the forensic audit as soon as possible. He is not going to be there for a long time. He should ensure the approval of the budget so that work can start earnestly in the region. The sole administrator should reposition the NDDC and then clear the way for the substantial board to be sworn in. I also expect the Federal Government to release what belongs to the Commission. All the debts owed must be paid. I have done consultations across the states of the Niger Delta and we discovered that some people would take money for jobs and they will not execute those jobs. That has to stop forthwith. We want an NDDC that can go into human capacity development and engages in projects that people can see and feel. The former interim management committee was sacked by the court and this sole administrator was the only senior officer left which was why the President appointed him to act as the sole administrator. Is it true that the Niger Delta Minister, senator Akpabio put his own man there to gather sufficient money to fund his (Akpabio’s) presidential ambition in 2023? If people like us who are such information, where did that source get it from? People are scared because if Akpabio has a serene and peaceful atmosphere, he is going to change the region for good. This allegation is a calculated plot to stop Akpabio from replicating what he did when he served as governor in Akwa Ibom state. There was infrastructural revolution in Akwa Ibom when he lasted as governor. The issue of presidency is for Nigerians decide and not for an individual. I think at this time, everybody should think of how to get Nigeria out of the effect of COVID-19. Talking about 2023 now is a mere distraction. When we get to the bridge, we shall cross it. 2020 was one difficult year in the lives of Nigerians. How do you assess your party, APC in the past year in terms of performance index? The year 2020 was not a year you could assess any country of the world. About 80% of the year was taken by the effect of COVID-19. In terms of social security, President Mohammadu Buhari has done pretty well. This is the first time that we have moved from capitalism to socialism. There has been a lot of opportunities for young people. Social governance is the in-thing now. In the area of security, we have seen a lot of challenges. But the President has brought in much equipment to fight terrorism and banditry. Security is a masses thing. Part of what is happening in the north is because the political leaders and governors in the north did not take care of the basics like education and small scale businesses of the people. You have NDDC, Niger Delta Ministry and Amnesty Programme, why has the Niger Delta region not develop more than it is today. Could this be leadership failure or endemic corruption? The problem of the region should be traced to the governors who lack creativity, innovation and the will to do what is right. Oil will run out some time. People should be developed. Governors should stop embarking on white elephant projects that do not yield any dividend for the masses. We have to invest in our young people. Government must invest in agriculture and other small scale businesses. China invests so much in its people. NDDC is a total failure. The forensic audit means that the Commission has failed and we want it repositioned for maximum productivity. NDDC funds must be used judiciously. The Commission was structured to fail from the start. After the auditing, we will now know what kind of people that should be send to the place as board members, governing council and all of that. Some governors at one point or another had accused NDDC of funding APC elections; what is your reaction to this and insecurity has continued to defy all seeming remedies, what is the way out? Have the governors been sincere with the funds available to them? I am not saying that any agency should be used as a cash cow for any purpose other than what it was set up to be. But what have the governors been doing with the humongous security votes available to them? On the matter of insecurity, the Commander in Chief is a very experienced person. I am sure that even if the Service Chiefs are changed today, that will not solve the security challenges we are facing. What you are seeing today merely started as poverty and lack of education particularly in the north. People are trying to create a new way of life for themselves. We have to nib this problem in the root. We must look at the foundation of banditry and terrorism in the country and tackle them head on. Over the years, PDP contributed more to the issue of insecurity in the country. In all, I believe that we will overcome this hydra-headed monster. This President is very capable to handle that and he is trying his best. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION