AWKA – The former President-General of Ohaneze Ndigbo Kano State chapter, Chief Chris Chukwubuzor Azuka, has said that the problems Nigeria is battling with are generational as they did not start today. Azuka said in an interview in Oba, Idemili South Local Council of Anambra State that the problems are attributable to the accumulated effect of failure by successive governments in the country. He said because Nigerians did not understand this there was a tendency to have a distorted picture of what is happening and the incumbent administration is made to bear all the blames insisting that many of the challenges confronting Nigeria today are actually not created by the government of the day but have multiplied in the present reality. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Chief Azuka who was Special Adviser to the former governor of Kano State, Senator Ibrahim Shekarau on Inter-Community Relations stressed the need for more intelligent conversations when issue confronting the nation are being discussed. According to him each regime, for instance, has failed to address the challenges of insecurity which has become a monster in the present reality and this is more pronounced as a result of poor investment on education and human capital. Arteta Confirms Deadline For Decision Over Ozil’s Arsenal Future Wrestling, Jubilation Among Ghana Lawmakers| TV Independent “Out of school children today in Nigeria stands at thirteen million. This huge pool of neglected human would be negatively mobilized by unscropulous politicians if things are not done to immediately address the situation”, Chief Azuka warned. On the way out of the present situation, Chief Azuka said that there is urgent need for huge investment on human capital and proper governance. He said: “Most of the issues confronting Nigeria as a nation can be addressed if we have a tradition of electing intelligent and responsible persons in a free, fair and credible election; these issues cannot be addressed with badly conducted elections. “The current political system that encourages rigging and manipulation to favour certain individuals especially the affluent persons and in the process deny educated men and women of vision, integrity and excellence cannot help us. “Every country is a product of her constitution, the Nigeria constitution is fundamental to the problems, I think we should have a people oriented constitution driven towards national development. “We must always remember that all the laws of the land derived from the constitution and anyone who comes through the backdoor to get to the corridors of power will certainly not respect the constitution. That is why we must take a critical look at the nation’s electoral system.” He argued that Nigeria from 1999 till date cannot boast of having a history of credible elections.