ABUJA – After days of uncertainty, the Federal Government has settled for January 18, 2021, as resump­tion date for all educational insti­tutions in the country. The Minister of Education, Adamu Adamu, disclosed this on Thursday through a statement made available by Bem Goong, the Director of Press and Pub­lic Relations in the Ministry. The decision to resume academic activities is com­ing despite the rising cases of coronavirus in the coun­try. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Although the minister had earlier hinted that schools’ resumption might be subject to reviews during briefings at the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 chaired by Secretary to the Government of the Federa­tion, Boss Mustapha, there are indications that the Fed­eral Government decided on the date owing to pressure from stakeholders. “Sequel to the hint given during the press briefing of January 12, 2021, for the review of the proposed re­sumption date of January 18, 2021, the Federal Ministry of Education had undertak­en a comprehensive apprais­al of the situation.” Real Madrid Send Luka Jovic To Frankfurt On Loan Top Senate Republican Open To Convicting Trump In Impeachment Trial According to the state­ment, “After extensive con­sultations with relevant stakeholders, including state governors, commissioners of education, proprietors and heads of institutions, staff unions and students, the consensus of opinion is that the resumption date of 18th January should remain, while parents and respective institutions must ensure full compliance with COVID-19 protocols, including compul­sory wearing of facemasks by all students, teachers, and workers in all schools.” Beyond this, schools are to ensure temperature checks and place hand washing fa­cilities at strategic locations in all schools, while ensur­ing constant supply of water and sanitisers. Educational institutions are to enforce maintenance of social distancing and sus­pension of large gatherings such as assembly and visit­ing days, including avoiding overcrowding, limitations in class sizes and hostel occu­pancy. “All schools are to en­sure availability of func­tional health clinics with facilities for isolation and transportation of suspected cases to medical facilities, while adhering to all other non-pharmaceutical proto­cols, restrictions, and con­tainment measures as may be prescribed/approved by the PTF from time to time,” the statement added. According to the minister, these measures are to ensure safe reopening of schools for academic activities and will be subject to constant review. Adamu urged teachers, school administrators, and other stakeholders to ensure strict compliance. Recall that the decision also followed a brainstorm­ing meeting between the apex regulatory ministry and stakeholders in the ed­ucation sector, particularly those drawn from Private School Proprietors Associa­tion, Parent Teacher Associ­ation, state commissioners of education, among others. SSANU, NASU May Begin Indefinite Strike January 21 Meanwhile, there are in­dications that the threats of an indefinite strike by the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities (SSA­NU) and the Non-Academic Staff Union of Universities (NASU) may come into effect on January 21, 2021. This is sequel to a circu­lar already issued by the two sister unions on Thurs­day, in Abuja, to all branch chairmen, mobilising them to meet and take final reso­lutions on the strike action. The circular, signed by Comr. Makolo Hassan for NASU and Comr. Moham­med Ibrahim for SSANU, specifically commended the unions for carrying out a three-day protest nationwide. Recall that their griev­ances stem from alleged irregularities in the imple­mentation of the Integrated Personnel Payroll and Infor­mation System (IPPIS), in­cluding the funds released by the Federal Government as payment for Earned Allow­ances, for which members of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) are said to be taking a larger chunk. The circular, passing further directives to both unions, noted: “The Nation­al Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NASU and SSANU met today, Thursday, Janu­ary 14, 2021, to appraise the three-day nationwide protest as decided at its meeting held on Friday, January 8, 2021. “Evaluating the nation­wide action, the leadership of JAC commended the courage and commitment of members in effectively pros­ecuting the protests across the branches. “The National JAC fur­ther observed the need for members of the unions (NASU and SSANU) to take ownership of subsequent de­cisions in respect of the way forward after the nationwide protests. “To this end, branch chairmen of NASU and SSANU are hereby directed to convene joint congresses simultaneously on Tuesday, January 19, 2021 to take a res­olution on the possible com­mencement of an indefinite and total national strike in respect of non-implementa­tion of the issues contained in the Memorandum of Un­derstanding (MoU) signed and agreed with the unions by the Federal Government on October 20, 2020. “The resolutions of these congresses are to be forward­ed to the national secretariats of the respective unions via email, while a meeting of the leadership of the National JAC shall be convened on Thursday, January 21, 2021, to collate and take decisions on the branch resolutions, which shall be communicated to the branches subsequently. “Please, treat this request with the seriousness it de­serves. Yours in the strug­gle.” Medical College Shut Over COVID-19 Test Result Again, an official of the Lagos State University Col­lege of Medicine (LASU­COM) confirmed on Thurs­day that the medical centre has been shut down after some students and officials tested positive for COVID-19. According to Ademo­la Adekoya, Head, Centre for Information, Press and Public Relations of the La­gos State University, “Three students of the medical col­lege have been confirmed to be COVID-19 positive and are undergoing treatment.” But he did not disclose the number of officials who test­ed positive. However, he said the school had begun con­tact-tracing, while the stu­dents have been asked to go home and the hostels shut. The college has directed students to self-isolate for 14 days and if they develop any symptoms, should present themselves for treatment. The institution has as­sured the public that it was doing all that was required to manage the situation while advising them against get­ting panicky over the news. It was gathered that some students and staff of the col­lege may have been infected with the virus. An emergency board meeting between association presidents and the school management was reported­ly held on Thursday, and it was agreed that the school remain shut as a result of the development. The student body of the school issued a statement on Thursday on account of the incident.