The Akwa Ibom gov­ernment has assured families of departed heroes and security personnel in the State of continued support. The as­surance, according to the government is to appreci­ate their efforts in ensur­ing that both citizens in the State and visitors sleep with their two eyes closed. The state governor, Mr. Udom Emmanuel, who gave the as­surance in Uyo, during the launch of the 2021 Armed Forces Remembrance Day Emblem, remarked that his administration would also ensure that serving securi­ty operatives were made to receive necessary support to facilitate their work perfor­mance in the state. Emmanu­el, represented by his deputy, Mr Moses Ekpo, noted that to those still in service, the Remembrance Day celebra­tion would serve as a morale booster and a proof that their labours and sacrifices in fighting to ensure peace and national integrity shall never be in vain. He said: “As we show sol­idarity to veterans and our fallen heroes, let us not forget those currently en­gaged in internal security operations, particularly the on-going war against insur­gency in some parts of the country. In Akwa Ibom State, the gallantry and sacrifices of men of the Armed Forces in helping us to maintain our status as the most peaceful state in the country cannot be overstressed. Emman­uel noted with delight the cessation of hostilities in Ukanafun, Etim Ekpo, Oruk Anam Local Government Ar­eas and other flash points in the state, and recalled with happiness the gallantry that was demonstrated during the post-EndSARS security breach in the state that was effectively handled by the se­curity operatives. He said, “My government and the Akwa Ibom people are deeply appreciative of the sacrifices of our securi­ty men and women; wheth­er in or out of service. The governor explained that the renovated and rebuilt blocks of flats for soldiers at the Wellington Bassey Barracks, Ibagwa and the provision of other life-touching amenities by his administration was a result of a very robust re­lationship with the Armed Forces. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! While announcing a donation of N4 million in support of legionnaires in the state, he urged every­one to donate generously in support of the veterans and their dependants, consid­ering the sacrifice of their lives for the peace and secu­rity of the nation. At the Ju­ma’at prayer at the Central Mosque, Wellington Bassey Army Barracks, Ibagwa in Abak, the deputy governor announced a donation of N2 million on-behalf of the state government in support of the renovation of the Mosque. The commissioner for women affairs and social welfare, Dr. Ini Adiakpan, explained that the occasion, being a yearly event was organised for people to extend their financial support, care and love to the widows of valiant departed soldiers whose gallantry remains memorable in the minds of Nigerians and the history of our great country. Adiakpan said the Emblem serves as a symbol that signifies recognition and dedication of the heroes, noting that the occasion was also to remind Nigerians of the demise of the fallen heroes, while in active service, showing the nation’s love, allegiance and recognition of their end eavours. 2021: Wike Seeks God’s Face To Govern Rivers Oba Ewuare II Fetes Journalists As First Rain In Year 2021 Falls In Benin The  Emblem  Appeal fund launch, she said, also was intended to provide all Nigerians, individuals and corporate organisations the golden opportunity to give financial and material sup- port to the families of the fallen heroes, veterans, the wounded and incapacitated ones. The chair man of the Legion, Colonel Joseph Esu, said the reason for the yearly event was, among others, to honour the souls of the veterans who answered the clarion calls to serve humanity in darkest hours of history either during the World War 1 and 2 or in United Nation (UN), African Union (AU) or in ECOWAS Peace Missions. Esu noted that funds raised through the emblem launch was for the upkeep of the veterans who are alive but incapacitated due to injuries sustained in the course of their duties, as well as for the widows and families of the fallen heroes and heroines who paid the supreme price in defending the lives of others. He added that the event was to draw the attention of the living to the detrimental effects of war and, at the end, earnestly try to elevate the virtues of peace, dialogue, negotiation and mutual resolution of conflict over the tendencies of suppression, killing and destruction of lives and property.