AKURE – Special Adviser (Media) to Ondo State Deputy Governor, Allen Sowore, has described the claim of Governor Olu­warotimi Akeredolu that his Chief of Protocol, Tosin Ogunbodede, died while on a private trip as indecorous. Sowore stated this on Wednesday in Akure, the state capital, in his reaction to the death of the CoP who died in a ghastly road accident along Ilesa/Akure highway on Sat­urday last week. Faulting the claim of the governor, Sowore said: “Imme­diately after Tosin Ogunbod­ede, chief of protocol to Ondo State Governor, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, died on January 2, 2021, in a fatal road accident while returning from Ibadan, where he had gone to brief the governor on assignment and government’s itinerary for the New Year. “Governor Akeredo­lu callously issued a statement through the Commissioner for Information, Donald Ojogo, attributing the death of Tosin Ogunbodede to a private visit to Ibadan to see his sick uncle. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “In Ojogo’s words: “Tosin Ogunbodede, a lawyer by pro­fession, died in a ghastly car crash after a private visit to an uncle in Ibadan, Professor Benjamin Ogunbodede, who has been ill for some time. He died alongside his driver after the private Toyota Corola car that conveyed them rammed into a trailer. “In one paragraph, Donald Ojogo emphasised on the word ‘private’ twice – “a private visit to his uncle in Ibadan, Professor Benjamin Ogunbodede” and “private Toyota Corola car.” This is needless but telling! Southern, Middle Belt Forum Appoints Nwodo As National Coordinator Bullish Momentum Returns As Equities Market Gains 0.17% “Telling the whole world that a man who died in the ac­tive service of his fatherland met his untimely death on a private visit was the most irre­sponsible and indecorous way to announce the untimely and painful death of a man of To­sin Ogunmodede’s status and service to Ondo State.” Sowore further stated that “As you all know, the Ondo State Governor is seriously trying to hide the very fact that he celebrated the New Year in Ibadan, the Oyo State capital while he lackadaisical­ly allowed refuse, dirt and de­bris to take over major streets of Akure, the state capital and other major towns.”