…Besiege Emir’s Palace…Army, Police Move In To Restore CalmIrate Mob suspected to have been instigated by smuggling syndicates within the Sector 3 operation area of the Nigeria Customs Service, NCS, laid a two day siege on checkpoint and logistic office of the services, around Ilesha Baruba, Kwara State, Daily Independent gathered yesterday. In the incident that reportedly led to the killing of three people suspected to be part of the rampaging mob, a police officer got injured, the palace of the traditional ruler of Ilesha Baruba was besieged, as the monarch was evacuated from his place. Though border restriction across the country has been lifted by federal government, but sector 3, Kwara and its axis does not fall within the borders where ban were lifted. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! As learnt, the incident began in the morning of Friday at about 8am.The Sector 3 security operatives at Ilesha Baruba, while conducting stop and search at a checkpoint along Saki – Ilesha Baruba axis, flagged down a Volkswagen Golf Vehicle with Red Colour, baring registration Number BDG 453 BH. Rather than stop, the driver refused, and pushed through the checkpoint almost killing some of the Customs men. Operatives of the sector then gave chase to the fleeing vehicle and would later overtake the vehicle, but couldn’t apprehend the driver who had abandoned the vehicle. Kontagora: Benue Declares Tuesday Work-Free Court Nullifies Sack Of Tribune Staff According to NCS, the vehicle, upon examination having been moved back to the checkpoint, contained bags of foreign parboiled Rice. Explaining what later happened, Chado Zakari, Public Relations Officer, PRO, Joint Border Operations Drill, JBOD, Sector 3, Ilorin, said, “After a short period, the driver mobilized a large mob of organised smugglers and errant youths armed with sticks, stones and locally made weapons attacked the operatives and overran the checkpoint.” Independent gathered that the operatives pulled back from the checkpoint with the seized Volkswagen Golf vehicle after they couldn’t contain the mob. “The mob then set the checkpoint and all operational items and properties of the operatives at the checkpoint ablaze.” “During the attack, a personnel of the NPF sustained injuries and was evacuated for medical attention.” However, reports indicate that the Officer is now in stable condition. “The Team Leaders in Ilesha Baruba immediately notified the Emir of Ilesha Baruba, the DPO and other resident operatives who attempted to contain the mob all to no avail.” Reports indicate that the mob attempted to lynch the Emir, who had to be evacuated from the scene,” Zakari further explained. It was further learnt that the mob, after destroying the first checkpoint, at 11pm, gathered more support in large numbers, mostly from organised smugglers from other locations and moved to attack and destroy other operational checkpoints in the area. “Some of the mob also proceeded on foot and in vehicles to the major Operational Base in Ilesha Baruba, where arms and ammunition, vehicles, seizures and other operational items are kept. “On this note, the operatives mobilized to deter the attack and protect the Operational Base.” “Therefore, the operatives had to fire warning shots to deter further attacks to overrun the base,” said Zakari. It was learnt that as at Sunday morning, information received from the Sector 3 Team Leaders on the ground at Ilesha Baruba showed that three persons from the mob were killed during the attack, reportedly when their vehicle somersaulted when fired upon as they attempted to overrun the checkpoint. Later, the Sector Headquarter also mobilized four reinforcement teams from Okuta, Alapa, Ilorin and Nigerian Army 244 Recce Battalion in Saki, Oyo, state, to ensure that the Operational Base is held and operatives are protected. “The situation was eventually brought under control at about 4am Sunday morning, as a result of the reinforcement teams and subsequent show of force.” The corpses of the 3 casualties from the mob were taken by the DPO under escort of own operatives and deposited at Baptist Hospital Saki in line with directives from the resident NPF Area Commander,” Zakari said.