Wife of Lagos State Governor, Dr. Ibijoke Sanwo-Olu Friday welcomed the first babies of the year in four state-owned health facilities which in­clude: Mushin General Hos­pital, Alimosho General Hos­pital, Orile Agege General Hospital and Ayinke House, Lagos State University Teach­ing Hospital. Baby Amoo, a male who weighed 3kg delivered at ex­actly 12:01am by Mrs Tomilola Amao is the first baby of the year at Mushin General Hos­pital. Another baby, a male who weighed 4.35kg and was delivered at 2:38am by Mrs. Onumba Foluke is the first baby of the year in Alimosho General Hospital. Also, baby Ajayi, a girl, who weighed 2.35kg and delivered at 12:01a.m. by Mrs. Abosede Ajayi is the first baby of the year at Orile-Agege General Hospital while the first baby of the year at the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (Ayinke House, LASUTH) is baby Adesola-Fagade. The baby who weighed 3.3kg was delivered at 12.21am to the family of Mr and Mrs Ades­ola-Fagade. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Sanwo-Olu, who was at these hospitals to celebrate the arrival of the new born babies stated that the birth of a child, for most people, sym­bolises the assurance that our heritage and life force is car­ried on to the next generation. Said she: “As with a lot of cultures, not just in Yoruba Land but across the world, the birth of a child brings good fortune to a society. But we must recognise that these events do not happen by chance. 2021, Year Of The Valley – Dr. Olukoya Expect Spill-Over Of 2020 Events This Year – Pastor Adeboye “Just as the birth of a healthy baby requires that the mother takes steps to en­sure that she lives a healthy life whilst pregnant and gets skilled care during labour and delivery, we must also play our part to ensure that we live the kind of life that will promote our own welfare and the well-being of our society,” Sanwo-Olu added. She stated further that the event is not just to celebrate new life but also to seek oppor­tunities to make a difference in the lives of the people by showing kindness and com­passion. She expressed hope that the year will be full of ac­complishments and the state will grow stronger despite the COVID-19 pandemic current­ly ravaging the world. The wife of the Governor, while highlighting strategies implemented by the admin­istration of her husband to strengthen the health sector and halt the trend of mater­nal and child mortality in La­gos State disclosed that the health sector in the course of last year was supported with the provision of Neonatal Care Units, equipment and resources to various State Health facilities to enhance the quality of maternal and child care services in Lagos State. She acknowledged the efforts of the State Com­missioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi and his team for the great improvement recorded in the State health sector especially in the fight against COVID-19 in the last few months stressing that the his commitment towards infrastructural upgrade, pro­vision of relevant equipment, and human resource develop­ment is exemplary. Sanwo-Olu called on all res­idents to continue to support the State Government in the fight against COVID-19 stress­ing that COVID-19 is real and still in the community. “All hands must be on deck towards flattening the curve of the second wave of the virus by strictly ad­hering to all preventive and safety guidelines designed to ward off the threat of the virus,” she said. Earlier in his remarks, the State Commissioner for Health, Prof. Akin Abayomi noted that the first baby of the year remains a symbolic event as it shows that the very first activity of the State gov­ernment every year is seen to focus on health. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION