Lagos- Stakeholders in the Nigerian aviation industry have been called upon to perform their duties professionally in order to avoid air accidents and serious incidents in the sector. Capt. Musa Nuhu, the Director-General of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) gave the charge over the weekend in Lagos in his keynote address at a conference with the theme: ‘Prevention of Human Factors in Air Accident Occurrences,’ organised by the Accident Investigation Bureau (AIB) in partnership with the League of Airport and Aviation Correspondents (LAAC). Nuhu charged stakeholders in the industry to perform their roles as expected with little or no supervision, stressing that safety was the responsibility of everyone in the sector. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He emphasised that the industry had only recorded one accident in the last five years with the Quorum Helicopter crash of August 2020, which killed three crew members on board. He expressed that the accident-free years were made possible through the synergy of all stakeholders, stressing that NCAA as the regulator in the sector would continue to ensure adequate safety in the discharge of its duties. Indonesia Retrieves Crashed Sriwijaya Air Plane’s Flight Data Recorder Our Revenue Dropped By 70% During COVID-19 – GMD NAHCo He said: “We do not want to get it wrong and we do not want to have blood on our hands. The primary responsibility of NCAA is public safety and this is what we must assure through our safety oversight and shared responsibilities with the certified entities and licensed personnel.” “We must jettison the tag of being a reactive people to that of being proactive and predictive, where we must not allow existing latent conditions including those associated with human errors to precipitate into incidents and accidents.” Nuhu pointed out that while it is common knowledge and widely propagated within the industry that at least 70 per cent of aviation accidents were due to human factors, a review of the Commercial Aviation Safety Team (CAST)/ICAO Common Taxonomy Team (CICTT) taxonomy for occurrence categories showed that there was no category of these occurrences ascribed to “human factors.” He said, “Meanwhile, an in-depth review of the established different CICTT categories will show that humans are somehow practically involved in or interface with all the occurrence categories.” “This is the reason why the Safety Management Systems (SMS) classifies the above statement as a misconception as humans (especially frontline personnel) interface in almost, if not all probable causes of aviation accidents at the different stages of either design, production/manufacture, organisational, operational and maintenance processes and procedures.” Also, Engr. Akin Olateru, the Commissioner, AIB, stressed that aviation remained the safest means of transportation. But, he said the safety rating must be improved upon despite that the rate of accidents was represented at one per million takeoffs. Olateru who was represented by Capt. Dayyabu Danraka, the Director of Operations, AIB said it was important for every stakeholder to contribute to efforts at substantially reducing human factor failure in air transportation. He stated that human factors knowledge could be used to reduce the likelihood of errors and build more error tolerant and more resilient systems. He said: “Causes affecting the accident rate in air transportation can be classified from various factors and points of view. The most general and probably the most transparent way of classification is dependence on human action or failure, technical and meteorological factors.” “As far as the organizational or legislative shortcomings are concerned, they could also be instrumental in supporting the factors mentioned, mostly as a result of poor adherence to legislative procedures or mismanagement of resources associated with air operation. “There is a range of causes to air accidents. In view of the fast development taking place in almost all the aviation fields, the occurrence of air accidents caused by technological advancement is reducing. This development, however, is adding to the complexity of systems and raising the level of seriousness, all that to be managed by the humans.” He stated that for a substantial progress in air transportation safety to be achieved, it was necessary to focus on the most frequently occurring air accidents, such as the CFIT and runway excursions and overruns and loss of control of the aircraft. Besides, he called for concentration on the phases of flight especially at its beginning (takeoff) and end (landing). “When assessing the development in accidents, it follows that despite the enormous progress made in the field of air transportation, its safety fail to develop to satisfaction, with causes identified as incomprehensive approaches to learning and appreciating the human factor”, he added. The Secretary, Organising Committee, LAAC, Mr. Albinus Chiedu, stressed the need for continued focus on human factors in air accident investigation since it plays a crucial role in safety in the global aviation sector as it would reduce the rate of accidents. “One small error caused by poor procedures or miscommunication can result in catastrophic events including loss of life”, he said. He commended the AIB which he said has performed credibly-well in improving air safety. He said: “Let me use this opportunity to reiterate that if indeed, the Federal Government desires safer transportation for the country, it is pertinent to amend the existing Act setting up AIB to include the investigation into other modes of transport – Intermodal investigation is the way to go.” “AIB as an organisation has performed creditably well in ensuring safer skies for air transport in Nigeria. AIB’s statutory duty should be extended to other modes of transport like road, rail and marine. A situation where the inspector also acts as an investigator/regulator will rob off on the credibility of an investigation report.” “The current Nigeria Safety Investigation Bureau (NSIB) Bill before the National Assembly should be passed. The approval of this bill will reinforce safety in all modes of transportation in Nigeria through distinctive, efficient and effective investigations of accidents and serious incidents involving any of the modes of transportation within Nigeria or anywhere else Nigeria’s interests lie.”