LAGOS – The National Emergency Manage­ment Agency (NEMA) on Thurs­day confirmed that there were no casualties recorded from the ac­cident that occurred at the early hours of the day. It was also not yet ascertained the level of damage to property that was caused by the fire that was caused by a fuel tanker fully loaded with 44 000 litres of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) otherwise known as petrol, which exploded at Toyota bus stop along the ever-busy Oshodi-Apapa Expressway in Lagos State. The cause of the lone accident is yet to be determined but sources said the tanker was spotted somersault­ing severally along the expressway before bursting into flames. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! But as of the time of this report, offi­cials of the fire service and other rescue workers have put out the fire to curtail collateral damage to other assets. Eye-witness further confirmed that rescue workers had cordoned off the road adding that motorists coming from ‘Mile 2’ were being di­verted through the service lane to continue their journey inward Os­hodi while motorists coming from Oshodi are made to go through the International Airport. Sacked Access Bank Staff Protest In Onitsha, One Collapses Yahaya Bello Sympathises With Victims’ Relations As Auto Crash Claims 14 Lives In Kogi The NEMA on also confirmed the incident. Acting Zonal Coordinator, South West Zonal Office of NEMA, Ibrahim Farinloye, said the incident occurred at about 9.15a.m. at Toyota Bus Stop, close to the Oshodi-Airport Road junction and directly in front of the Lagos State Fire Service Station located in the area. He said the tanker was fully load­ed with 44,000 litres of Premium Mo­tor Spirit (PMS adding, “The tanker crashed on the side with another trailer on motion. The trailer was fully loaded with iron rods. It is believed that the two vehicles were trying to outsmart each other before the incident happened.”