Former national chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief John Odigie-Oyegun, in this interview, claims that everything pertaining to restructuring has been done by the ruling party and has been placed before the National Assembly, expecting the federal legislature to carry out the necessary action on the report. He stated that if anybody is against restructuring, it is only because such a person doesn’t understand what restructuring is all about. He, however, urged Nigerians to direct every pressure concerning restructuring at the National Assembly. AKINWUNMI KING brings the excerpts: You once said that the All Progres­sives Congress (APC) ‘Change’ agenda was hinged on restructuring and that the way the party would be able to manage restructuring in 2015 would help to win the hearts of Nigerians. What do you think must have happened since that 2015 election? Nothing particularly serious. I think at a critical stage when the leadership of the party was going to be changed, there must have been a breakdown in communication. As a result of a grand swell of debate in the country, as a result of a grand swell of different interpreta­tions of what restructuring meant, the party finally decided to step in, bring everything un­der control, and define what re­structuring actually meant, re­structuring, true federalism as we decided to call it. When that exercise was concluded, I think it is common knowledge that we not only passed it through the entire machinery structure of the party, we also went to the media and presented formally to the people of this country. Af­ter that, we got several reactions from people who wished it well, a few who did not wish it well. We were in fact congratulated by very senior vocal members of the Nigerian opposition. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! So, the report did get ac­claimed nationwide. If I re­member right, there was only just one state that raised issues and that was Akwa-Ibom State, very understandably. And the issues they raised were issues that in the process of putting the recommendations through the system could have been negoti­ated, answers could have been found to their very peculiar problems. Like I said earlier, it went through the machinery of the party and the executive of the party was mandated to pres­ent it to the National Assembly, because our report even includ­ed draft legislation in certain instances. So, we had in fact sim­plified the matter but I think in the process of change of leader­ship, it must have fallen between stools… I think if I again recall rightly that it has finally been agreed that this issue should be remitted to the National Assem­bly for appropriate legislative actions as they considered nec­essary. In the process, of course, the people will still have the op­portunity to make their views known to perfect the recommen­dations of the party. There is this attitude which Nige­rians have described as lackadai­sical from President Muhammadu Buhari that every time the issue of restructuring is raised, the govern­ment goes on the defensive. Why is that so? SWAN Mourns As Oyo Amateur Boxing Chair, Opaleye  Dies Gov Abiodun Mourns Martins-Kuye I don’t know about any lack­adaisical attitude, the issue has been discussed, the party has taken a position and all that is now necessary is a legislative action. Let me say that I am not in government, I am in a party that is in government, given the plethora of problems, genuine problems that today afflict the nation, given the challenges afflicting the nation, given the security situation afflicting the nation, I think government has a plateful of responsibilities and the president has every right to assume that this has been placed before the National Assembly. If it has not been done, I hope that has been done, I assume it has been done, then it ought to be placed squarely. Let me make a point, it’s a bit of a diversionary point, in this nation, no civilian government has succeeded in making funda­mental changes to the national constitution, except of course, with the creation of the then Mid-Western State, which was as a result of the political situ­ation at that time. The 35 states we have today were the result each time of military interven­tion and the military trying to respond to the expressed wish­es of the people. This is a very unique opportunity for the ex­ecutive and legislature to make a difference to the fundamental structure of this nation. I must say that if anybody is against restructuring, it is only because he just doesn’t under­stand. Restructuring, to him, is like a red flag, you wave it and he just says no without even con­sidering the merit. I think it is going to be fundamental to the economic development of this country, it is going to be funda­mental to the improved security situation of this nation and it is going to be fundamental to the cooling of the polity. Let me give an adage, if a child asks for cake today and you deprive him of the cake without explaining to him why he can’t have the cake at that time, his demands will keep growing and one day, he won’t ask for cake again, he will be asking for something much greater. And if you observe the way our nation is going now, there is a tendency towards regional agglomeration, it is creeping in, people are doing things by zones and the rest of it. One day, we will be having a demand for something much greater. Are you specifically talking about the #ENDSARS that took the nation by storm in October, or is it related to the agitation for regional security networks by state governors? Thank you for reminding me of that. It is a very good example where a basic fundamental de­mand not acted on at the proper time develops wings and grows to become something bigger than we expected. Yes, it is a very good lesson which every­body should bear in mind. If there is any reason you cannot restructure, please say so and try to convince the nation. But, I think and I confirm that the party, including the government (president) had accepted the re­port as presented, discussed it, the report has been presented to the nation, the nation has dis­cussed and basically accepted it will now go to the National As­sembly, if it is not there already. I hear they are on break now, if they come back, it will be one of the issues they have to look at with every seriousness. They should not mix it up because they have this committee which is looking at the constitution… and we may go on and on forever. This is definite, this is clear, ev­ery aspect of it has been thought out. I am not saying it is per­fect, it is still subject to amend­ment in the process of passing through the National Assembly. But I think we are ready to move ahead on that. A lot of Nigerians see leaders like you using the word restructuring as a sing-song to intimidate the north and oftentimes, you see the north­erners not wanting to talk about the issue. What exactly is that restruc­turing that the southern leaders are campaigning for? I know that individuals have written, including individuals from the north. But, I don’t have the impression that it is the north that doesn’t want restruc­turing. If anybody, like I said much earlier, does not accept restructuring, it is because he has not read the APC manifes­to, secondly, he probably hasn’t read the report on restructur­ing, thirdly, he certainly has not given a thought to the pros and cons of restructuring. It will cre­ate 36 and if you add the federal level, 37 development notes in this country. Today, what do we have? When you look around most of the states, some have money and they should do better, but most of the states cannot do better than what they are doing. And what do we find every day? Publicity, vehicles given to the police, schools that have been re­built, nobody tells you whether there is a library in the school, or if there is a laboratory in the school. They take beautiful pic­tures of shining roofs and all that. Once in a while, they try to commission a road. These are not what we want. We want factories, we want employment creating activities and so on. We want the attention not to be on just one centre in this nation for all answers to all problems, the federal gov­ernment. We want the people of this country to now, having given the states additional re­sponsibilities, having given them additional resources, can now look to their governors for delivering services, for deliver­ing developments and it must not be that it is the Federal Government alone that will take the blame or the credit for ev­erything that happens in this na­tion. The state should be put in a position where they are more de­velopment-oriented rather than just repainting schools without libraries, without laboratories and this country will benefit tre­mendously.