Minister for Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio has called on those agitating against the appointment of a Sole Administrator for the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC to redirect their energy towards being partners with the organization. The Minister who made the charge during the 4th annual general meeting of the National Council on Niger Delta, which took place, Port Harcourt, was also honoured by Ijaw youths as the Most Accessible Minister. The Ijaw youths noted that Senator Akpabio has served the Niger Delta region creditably at different levels such as Commissioner, State Governor, Senator and currently as a Federal Minister in charge of the Niger Delta region. The youths noted that Akpabio as a leader has kept his doors and arms accessible and open to all irrespective of ethnicity and political affiliation. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Senator Godswill Akpabio is a leader of the Niger Delta, a politician who accommodates everyone irrespective of ethnicity and political affiliation. As a leader who has served Nigeria and the Niger Delta region in various capacities as a State Commissioner, State Governor, Federal Senator and currently as a Federal Minister. This award is in recognition of his leadership quality of being accessible to those he leads.” Accepting the recognition, Senator Akpabio commended the youth for their efforts in ensuring a peaceful Niger Delta region, which is conducive for communal, economic, and political activities. Stop Derogatory Statements Against Minister Of Education, Makama Tells Bauchi APC Enugu Govt To Increase IGR By 50 Per Cent He noted that the Federal Government under President Muhammadu Buhari is determined to ensure the continued development of the Niger Delta region. “I appreciate this laudable recognition of my efforts towards rebuilding the Niger Delta region during this auspicious occasion of the 4th meeting of the National Council on Niger Delta. It is a spur to do much more for our region.” Mr. Effiong Akwaas Sole Administrator for the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, commended the award on Akpabio, stating that contrary to agitations against the appointment of a Sole Administrator for the Commission, the President Muhammadu Buhari under the existing extant laws of Nigeria is well within his powers. He stated that those attributing the appointment of the NDDC Sole Administrator to him are grossly misinformed and misled as the appointment of Mr. Effiong Akwa as Sole Administrator of the NDDC was a result of the Federal Government obeying a Court Order, which directed that the most senior officer of the interventionist agency assume the reins of its management. Speaking further, he urged those agitating against the NDDC Sole Administrator to be patient and channel their energy towards partnering with the NDDC to improve the lives of Niger Deltans. “We are partners in the sustainable development of the Niger Delta region. Successive leadership in the region have contributed their quota, rather than agitate against an issue that is within the powers of the President, let us seek ways to partner with the leadership of the NDDC.” The National Council on Niger Delta resolved to mobilise key stakeholders to commence harmonisation of the Niger Delta Action Plan and the Niger Delta Regional Development Master Plan to produce one regional road map for development in Nigeria’s oil-rich region. The Chairman of the Council and Minister of Niger Delta Affairs, Senator Godswill Akpabio, read the communiqué and underlined the need for collaboration among stakeholders in the effort to develop the Niger Delta region. According to Akpabio, the Council resolved that there was a need for the Ministry of Niger Delta Affairs to improve on its coordinating role in dealing with all actors in the region to enhance synergy and avoid duplication of projects. He said that the Council noted “the importance of strengthening the mechanism of monitoring and evaluation of the projects by stakeholders to ensure transparency.” The communiqué decried the proliferation of youth groups in the region, which makes it difficult for the Ministry of Niger Delta Affairs to manage them for the purposes of empowerment training, noting: “There is need to ensure that efforts are made to bring about attitudinal changes among the youths through intensive and value re-orientation programmes. “There is a need to ensure that the youths acquire skills, attend training and take advantage of the numerous socio-economic programmes of the Federal Government. “Never in the history of our great country has any President thought of the poor as President Muhammadu Buhari has done. That is why almost all his programmes are aimed at putting money in the hands of the poor. “The Niger Delta region has benefitted immensely from these programmes. He has maintained the Amnesty Programme, the Ministry of Niger Delta Affairs and the Niger Delta Development Commission,” he said. The Council further resolved to push for more infrastructural development and environmental remediation. It approved that the current clean up in Ogoni is extended to other oil-impacted communities in the region. Earlier, while declaring the meeting open, President Buhari accepted to implement the 16-point agenda outlined by the Pan-Niger Delta Forum, PANDEF, as minimum conditions for peace and stability as well as development in the region. He said the government was ready to implement the 16-point agenda in order to sustain the relative peace in the region, noting that the outcome of the Federal Government’s engagement with elders in the region has provided his administration with the opportunity to ascertain the diverse needs of the region’s stakeholders.