–Commend Resilience Of Nigerians ABUJA – Progressive Governors Forum, consisting of governor’s elected under the banner of the All Progressives Congress( APC) have advocated greater unity among all Nigerians as the nation emerges from barrage of vicissitudes, among them insecurity, economic woes and sundry others in the outgone year. Kebbi State governor, Atiku Bagudu, in a statement he signed on behalf of the governors, declared unequivocally that the problems facing the country was beyond politics but one that require the united action of all Nigerians to salvage. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The opposition party had while reacting to President Mohammadu Buhari’s new year message had described it as uninspiring ,urging patriots to come together to salvage what is left of the country. The PGF as if in agreement, however agree that citizens must unite to salvage the country from the myriad of challenges it faced as they are beyond partisan politics. Zidane Ends Exit Talk, Wants Real Madrid Contract Rebels To Stay Stop Land Grabbers From Using Your Name, Ubani Tells Sanwo-Olu Describing 2020 as the most challenging year of the last century, the PGF observed that the onset the COVID 19 pandemic have left unsavory consequences both economic, security and other challenges that affected all nations of the world. The PGF particularly commended Nigerians for their resilience , and expressed hope that with the discovery of vaccine, Nigeria will would join the global to plan a post COVID 19 world that benefits all. “The Progressive Governors Forum (PGF) wishes to join all Nigerians to welcome the beginning of 2021. We commend the resilience of Nigerians, and indeed humanity all over the world. ” The year 2020 was the most challenging year of the last century. People and nations across the globe are still struggling with the health pandemic occasioned by Covid-19. “The discovery of vaccine at the end of 2020 is a landmark progress, which certainly bolster hope that human life will return to normal in 2021. “Apart from the difficult health challenges experienced by citizens who got infected by the Covid-19 virus, resulting in unfortunate loss of lives, periods of lockdowns in Nigeria and world over as a result of the pandemic, spanning over a period of close to six months, created a lot of hardships for our citizens. “The adverse economic consequences have created economic recessions for virtually all countries. “Combined effects of all these have further increase our security challenges in the country. The challenge before us as a nation is to ensure the development of democratic institutions in the country to be able to mobilise effective national responses and resolution of the health challenges created by the pandemic, the economic difficulty and the security challenges facing the country. “These are not issues that should be reduced to politics. We must appeal to all Nigerian to have a strong sense of national unity and togetherness in responding to these challenges.” The PGF particularly hailed the presidential task force for the positive bipartisan national response that helped contain spread of disease . “As Progressive Governors elected on the platform of our party, the All Progressives Congress (APC), we specially recognise the excellent work of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on Covid-19. In particular, we hereby appreciate and commend the support of all Nigerians across partisan and all other differences. “Our ability as a nation to control the spread of the virus is no doubt the result of the diligent work of the PTF under the leadership of the Secretary to Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha, and the support of all Nigerians. We appeal to all Nigerians to continue to support every initiative of the Federal Government in order to bring a permanent closure to this world pandemic. The APC governors also held the national and state assemblies for intervention in the budgetary processes just as it commended president Mohammadu Buhari for his leadership. While commending the security agencies for their sacrifices , governors however urge more decisive action to tackle the many disruptive action of insurgents, bandits and kidnappers in the north and parts of Southwest. “One issue that has dominated public attention, especially in the second half of 2020 was the new wave of insecurity in the country. Beyond Boko Haram insurgency in the North East, sadly we now have banditry in North West, which is as disruptive and threatening as the activities of insurgents. “In addition, kidnapping activities is rampant in North Central and South West and is spreading to every parts of the country. Every Nigerians is justifiably disturbed by this unfortunate development. “While acknowledging that our security agencies are doing their best to control the situation, a lot more need to be done. We are confident that our security agencies will effectively restore order and guarantee security of lives and properties of all Nigerians in every part of the country. “We appeal to all Nigerians to continue to support our security forces in the effort to end insecurity in the country. Nigerians must resist all attempts to politicise insecurity. “Ending insecurity will require strong national unity. We therefore wish to acknowledge and commend President Muhammadu Buhari, for providing the leadership at national level, as well as ensuring that all arms of our security services are discharging their responsibilities. “As Progressive Governors, we will continue to support the Federal Government and the security services. “We hereby once more restate our commitment to make all our states models of good governance with records of rapid human development and progress founded on the principles of social democracy in line with provisions of our party constitution and manifesto. In 2021, we shall continue to take all the necessary steps to roll out programmes that will consolidate development of synergy, experience sharing and collaboration by all progressive states.” SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION