ONITSHA – Bishop Ambassador Edith Eli­sha Ezenekwe, a woman cleric, has empowered over 1,000 wid­ows in the spirit of Christmas and New Year celebrations at Okoh in Orumba North Local Government Area, Anambra State. Bishop Ezenekwe who is the General Overseer, Brethren Gathering Ministry, empow­ered the widows with cloths, bags of rice, award of scholar­ship to some indigent students and cash gifts. The kind gesture was per­formed through the Bishop’s foundation, Gashen Family Foundation. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Expressing satisfaction for rendering help to the hope­less, the Bishop who is United Nations Peace Ambassador (Jerusalem pilgrim) and first female Bishop East of the Ni­ger, said, “For over 10 years now, I have been doing this to better the welfare of the widows and other physically challenged persons in the society. “Nothing gives me joy, peace and satisfaction like putting smiles on the faces of those who cannot pay me back. Accident Claims 6, Injures 9 On Lagos-Ibadan Expressway Lagos Deploys 1,250 Special Constabulary Officers To Boost Community Policing “There is nothing that gives me joy like uplifting the down­trodden, solving their prob­lems and predicaments.” She reiterated that God has lifted her up, recalling that as a woman pastor; she was at­tacked by fellow Christians for being a woman pastor. “When my Ministry expand­ed and the venue was moved from my previous house at No. 5 Uba Street Nkpor to No. 10 Obosi Road Nkpor, I expe­rienced fully what the above statement signified. “Openly a Pentecostal pas­tor mounted microphones/ speakers in front of our church with few of his colleagues and was enticing my members with words while criticising me stating that a woman is not supposed to be a pastor and as such they should leave me and join them. “It did not end there; many others rose up against me when my posters went viral and the only thing they had against me was that I am a woman and as such not qualified to be called by God. “I neverwantedtobeapastor; I refused the call to serve know­ing that pastoral work has never been an easy task. My target of coming up to Onitsha was to trade and not for full time mis­sionaryworkbutlittledidIknow that God had plans for me.” She urged corporate bodies and good spirited individuals to emulate her kind gesture, adding that such people will never lack.