AYO OYOZE BAJE “Your potential is unlimited. Aspire to a higher place. Believe in your abilities, in your tasks, in your judgment”– Bryan Adams. Big congratulations to you, my dearly beloved readers and ever faithful friends and fans, to be alive, hale and hearty to witness the beginning of yet another year. For us to have survived the freaky year, 2020 with its strange and sudden changes, including the global COVID-19 pandemic, the attendant lockdown and deaths, is no mean feat. What about the youth revolution called #ENDSARS, increase in VAT, fuel pump price, electricity tariff and a second economic recession in five years? That we survived all these challenges can only be attributed to the sheer and limitless grace of God and all the glory goes back to Him. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The New Year, 2021 presents before us all vast and varied opportunities in different fields of human endeavour. More like an empty canvas before an artist, the picture you eventually paint on it would depend largely on your vision, dreams, desires and experiences. All these encompass what you have seen, heard, smelt, eaten and the people and places you have encountered. Their influences on you as well as the ideas that sprout out of your fertile imagination, which you act on will go a long way towards shaping the events and the success thereof, in the New Year. The other significant factor is your ability to adapt and quickly too, to the changes the digital age has foisted on us all. As Charles Darwin rightly noted in his Evolution Theory via his work, ‘The Origin of Species’ in 1859 “evolution happens by natural selection. As a consequence those individuals most suited to their environment survive and, given enough time, the species will gradually evolve”. It is apt and applicable to the 21st century, Nigeria. End Of Year Notes 2020, It Is Well For instance, virtual meetings via skype or zoom have taken over from that of physical ones. So, are online lectures on virtually every topic under the sun. Digital marketing and e-commerce have made billionaires out of simple-hearted men. If in doubt, ask Jeff Bezos ($113 billion), Bill Gates( $98 billion), Bernard Arnault and family ($76 billion) and Warren Buffet( $67.5billion). In fact, as Jack Ma, the richest Chinese man said it: “Without internet, there would have been no Jack Ma, and no Alibaba or Taobao.” Think about it. The best place to begin with is to connect with God, your maker. He knows why you are here and for whatever purpose. He will assist you to understand yourself much better. Who are you in the real sense of it? What mission has God, your creator brought you here to achieve? What are your natural endowments; your talents and innate abilities? What do you enjoy doing so effortlessly that gives you self-satisfaction? Have your educational career and experiences positioned you along this line? What problems can you solve with your aptitudes? What value can you add to human existence? Until you are able to answer these all-important questions, you may end up like the rudderless boat swept up and down by the seasonal tides. May that not be our portion. To make a success of 2021 means that you have to be a problem-solver. Always see a half-filled cup of water rather a half-emptied one. Stop complaining every day about problems without making efforts to be solution providers. In the timeless words of Engineer Titi Omo-Ettu, a Fellow of the Society of Nigerian Engineers, “our new generation of engineers should accept responsibility that they are the solution providers of today. They must read widely, train continuously and synergise with other professionals. To make this effective, they should work in teams. They should see their environment as their constituency, communicate effectively, be fair and ethical and learn to choose wisely”. You do not have to be an engineer to drink from this fountain of knowledge. Oh yes, your MIND! That is where it all starts from. According to Norman Vincent Peale, the best–selling author of ‘The Power of Positive Thinking’ your subconscious mind is like a fertile field. Be careful what you sow in it for that is what you will eventually harvest. So, what you dream of, think and talk about, wish for and do every day of the New Year would define your fortunes or failures over the coming months. This is not the time for self-deceit. This is not the period to look back at your past mistakes and keep blaming yourself or others and dwelling on them. No! You must look deep inwards and out of sober reflections ask yourself the critical questions before you make those all-important New Year resolutions. What are your capabilities and limitations too? Are you at the right place doing the right things? Life is dynamic and you must be ready to move forward. Interestingly, 2021will don different colours and flavours from the previous year. For instance, efforts at boosting local food production will increase. Be prepared to join the fray. Also, political campaigns ahead of the 2023 general elections will attract much more public attention. New opportunities will spring up for printers, event organizers, advertisers, entertainers, fuel marketers and transporters. Others include brand managers, media consultants, public affairs analysts and political economists. You must therefore, be sensitive to the happenings in your environment. And muster the capacity to maximize the economic benefits derivable thereof. If you claim that Aliko Dangote, Mike Adenuga, Jim Ovia, Femi Otedola as well as Tony Elumelu all became billionaires because they are captains of industry, what about our young entrepreneurs in information technology? What about entertainment icons such as Don Jazzy, Wizkid, Davido, Ali Baba, Omotola Jalade, Genevieve, Mercy Johnson and several unsung heroes doing us proud in other sectors of the economy? Even as we complain daily about the prevailing, harsh economic environment, new millionaires are springing up every day because they have positioned themselves to be problem-solvers. So, should you. We have to realise that inside every problem there are seeds of greatness, of success, of fortunes waiting to be harvested, sowed, and nurtured to fruitiness, if only we but look closely enough. For instance, our own Larry Izamoje saw the opportunity in sports broadcasting when others never saw a kobo in it. Today, Brilla FM is a success story. Similarly, Dr. Sunny Obazu Ojeagbase who never saw the four walls of a university has raised many millionaires over the years and pioneered Success Digest Enterprise Development Attitude as well as Complete Sports. Simply put, you have to discover who you are, capitalise on your abilities, overcome your weaknesses, be ready to take risks and be disciplined to achieve your goals according to your timeline. Surround yourself with positive people as Daniel Ilo rightly admonished. Never be easily discouraged by daunting obstacles but take them as stepping stones to move on to the higher ground. Take that first step now! For, as the Peak Milk advert goes, the answer is in you! Welcome to 2021, the year of limitless possibilities. Baje wrote in from Lagos SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION