P/HARCOURT – Rivers State Governor, Nye­som Wike has called on the Federal Government to change the Security Chiefs in order to allow fresh ideas and strategy in tackling the threats to internal insecurity in Nigeria. Governor Wike made the call during the wreath laying and parade ceremony organ­ised to mark the 2021 Armed Forces Remembrance Day Celebration in Port Harcourt on Friday. The governor, who ac­knowledged the efforts made so far by the country’s security chiefs in the battle against in­surgents, noted however that despite full military engage­ment with Boko Haram and killer bandits, the threats ap­pear to be overwhelming the country’s security agencies. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said, Boko Haram, ban­dits and killer herdsmen have continued to overrun commu­nities, randomly killing and abducting helpless people. According to him, these in­surgents have also destroyed private and public property with relative ease, and it is time for the Federal Govern­ment to take decisive action and end such menace. Abiodun Cautions Nigerians To Shun Calls For Division, Inter-Ethnic Wranglings ‘FG Has No Sharing Formula For Expected 100,000 COVID-19 Vaccines Yet’ “A country is as strong as its Armed Forces. Her inabil­ity to defeat the Boko Haram insurgency despite years of full military engagement shows that all is not well with our approaches and commit­ments to the battle against the internal insecurity. “Today, therefore, also rais­es the need for all of us to be worried by the deteriorating security situation across the country and restate the call on the Federal Government to do everything necessary to bring the security threat by Boko Haram and armed bandits to a decisive end in the shortest possible time. “We thank the Service Chiefs for their efforts so far in the battle against the insur­gents. But we also align with the concern of citizens that having seemingly reached their wit end, they should now give way for fresh hands and ideas to give the fight the impe­tus that it so strongly needs to ensure that Boko Haram and killer bandits are comprehen­sively defeated and smoked out of existence.”