Ezinne Dora Kayode is the wife of former Golden Eaglets and Super Eagles striker, Olanrewaju Kayode. She is also a FA-licensed football agent and her husband’s manager. In this interview, Dora who hails from Abia State opens up on her husband’s football career and her love for fashion. as a fashionista? I married a fantastic football player and you want me to just sit down and allow other girls to take him over from me? I have to look good for my man. He is too handsome for me not to feel good or dress good, but my husband doesn’t look at that but as a woman, I have to look good, sexy for myself and sexy for my husband as a woman, whether we have kids or not, you just have to keep yourself fine. When you look good, you dress good. My dad once told me that: “looking good is good business”. So you just have to look clean. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Is that why you go for luxury items? I am working and remember Davido Makes U-Turn After Hinting He Will Dump Music Marriage Trouble: We Are Making Progress, Says 9ice’s Wife that my husband pays me well, so as a FA-licensed football agent and if I can afford to dress well, why not. Where do you like for vacation? I love Dubai. When it comes to fashion, what is it that you don’t like? I don’t like wearing skimpy things. I just enjoy wearing things that I am comfortable in. What do you have to say to women who flaunt their bodies? No, what can I say? Fashion is what makes you feel comfortable and if flaunting their bodies makes them comfortable, so be it, why not? But for me, I have my own sense of fashion. I might not do that, but if others do it and they feel cool about it, why not? Fashion is about being comfortable in what you are wearing and if you feel comfortable about it, go ahead. If opening your body, showing how sexy you are makes you comfortable, why not? You are one of the most active footballer’s wife on social media with over 85, 000 followers. How were you able to cope with this despite your tight schedule? You must have to be flexible with your followers or fans or friends. Am not the rigid type, I try to reply to every post whenever I have time, I want to appreciate them. I don’t reply to negative posts. Am not a football player, am just a wife trying to encourage my husband and I try as much as possible to encourage his fans, families, friends and so maybe that is why I keep getting more followers. It is the holiday season and you are in Nigeria. How has it been for you? It has been fun but stressful at the same time but we are enjoying the weather and loving it but you know what, I am focusing on our project and it hasn’t been easy but I am pulling through. I love it because it is Christmas. You talked about a project. Which project? Yeah, just properties; you know, we are into properties. Why did you choose properties? I mean, after football, there is something you should fall back on and I think this is the safest thing one should fall back on. For your husband, he has had a terrific season. By the last count, he scored four consecutive goals in the Europa League, which is a record. What do you have to say about this feat by your husband? First of all, I am so proud of him because he is a hard worker and I can testify to that. I am very proud of his achievements. I am glad that he made every doubting Thomas believe that this is Kayode, this is what he loves to do. Am so grateful that he made this record, four goals in five games, I mean he made everyone proud. And I know, he will hit it to the top soon. Like every other person in the Super Eagles, Kayode has done fantastically well. The records are there. I don’t hype him. State the facts based on what you have seen. If you don’t know him, google his name. State the fact. We are only talking about the facts and figures. He might not be their favourite and I don’t care about that but he is doing his best, happy and making our job a lot easier for us. But if he is not doing well, then I can start to look for people to hype him, but I don’t need that because he is doing his best. In the international world, they are seeing him. He has done his best. If you want to invite him, invite him and if invited, give him playing time to prove his worth. In our team, we are not desperate. If it is going to happen, let it happen. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION