Republic of Ireland international Jack Byrne announced on New Year’s Day he is leaving Shamrock Rovers. It is expected he will sign for APOEL Nicosia – Byrne noted he would “make an announcement on my future in the coming days.” In a lengthy social media, post the 24-year-old midfielder said: “Today, with the heaviest of hearts, I would like to announce that I’ve decided to leave Shamrock Rovers and the people I’ve come to love and I do so with a huge lump in my throat.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Byrne helped Shamrock Rovers to an FAI Cup in 2019 in his first season with the Hoops – playing 41 games in all competitions scoring eight goals. This year he was instrumental in Rovers winning their first league title since 2011, as they went through the COVID-19 hit league season unbeaten. He played 23 times scoring nine goals across all competitions in 2020. “Last year I played in a team that became invincible in the Airtricity League, not just because of the quality of football we played but because of the quality of characters and people within the dressingroom, people who I will always regard as an extension of my family. They’ve made me a better teammate, player and person.” Oyo First Lady, Meets, Donates Cash, Gifts Items To New Year Babies Oman To Borrow $4.2bn In 2021 To Cover Budget Shortfall Byrne noted in his statement how when he returned to Ireland from Scotland in December 2018 he was “so unhappy and it’s the lowest I’ve ever felt in my time in football.” “After a few days home in Dublin, Stephen Bradley, Stephen McPhail and Glenn Cronin asked myself, my mother and brother to meet them at the SRFC Training Ground in Roadstone. “They told me if I got my head down they’d do everything they could to help me get back to myself and most importantly love the game again. They told my mother they’d take care of me and help me grow up on and off the pitch. “The reality is over the past two years Stephen Bradley and his staff done far far more than what they promised. In truth they’ve changed my life. They made me fitter, stronger and a much better footballer. They believed in me and helped me feel that I could not just be good but that I could compete with any player at any level. “They made me relevant to the Irish international squad and helped me fulfil my dream of pulling on the green jersey, a dream that was dead before I met them. They are without doubt incredible people, incredible developers of players and I would urge any young player to listen to everything they have to say. “I spent many years at one of the biggest clubs in the world and Shamrock Rovers have a management team that are as good as all the great people I worked under at Man City.” Mick McCarthy brought Byrne into his Republic of Ireland squad in March 2019 and he made his international debut in the friendly win over Bulgaria. He now looks set to play under McCarthy again in Cyprus. When Stephen Kenny played Byrne in last year’s UEFA Nations League game against Wales, Byrne became the first League of Ireland player to play in a competitive game since Shamrock Rovers’ captain Pat Byrne in 1985. Byrne, who was offered a new contract by the Hoops, leaves the club having won four senior international caps and been named PFAI Player of the Year in the last two seasons, as well as picking up four SWAI player of the month awards. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION