LAGOS – Sigma Pensions in its responsible practice of continually supporting youths through its various financial literacy initiatives has urged youths to start early in setting their retirement goals and vigilantly save towards it. Ms. Paula Benedict, The Head Risk Management, Sigma Pensions made the disclosure at a collaborative webinar organised by Sigma Pensions and Junior Achievement Nigeria (JAN) youth webinar which had over 100 youths in attendance at the weekend. The webinar is a financial literacy initiative for youth themed ‘Break Free’ also featured Founder of Twelve Vest Mrs. Tomie Balogun and the Head, Business Development, Piggyvest Mr. Ayo Akinola who spoke on the opportunities in the country, goal setting, savings and adopting technology to aid savings. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Benedict said: “This is the time to actually save as much as possible. For those who don’t have a pension account, know what to look out for, you need to set your retirement goals and look at your pension to see how your pension manager is handling your funds and if there is a need to change your manager because this is the right time to do that. Western Digital Delivers Series Of High-Capacity Portable SSDs 9mobile Announces Appointment Of New Chief Technical Officer, Deputy CTO, Director Of Strategy “At Sigma pensions we have an edge which starts from its owners, a private equity firm with extensive knowledge in investments, with excellent ethical standards not only at the board level but at individual basis. And you want someone that would put your interest before theirs. We take decisions that are collectively beneficial and have a blend of experience and young dynamic workforce.” “We are an innovative company, technologically driven and have a highly graded investment team. The crop in our investment department, dedicated relationship managers and of course competitive returns which are important to pension.” Also, Mrs. Yetunde Adebiyi, the Unit Head Brand and Marketing Communications, Sigma Pensions, on what prompted the webinar said: “Last year, was an unprecedented year, were a lot happened such as the COVID-19 pandemic, ENDSARS, an economic downturn everyone felt as well as high inflation. This event is aimed at pointing out how we can take charge of our lives, circle of influence, finances and money matters. We also want to help guide people on their finances and savings for a prosperous retirement.” Also, in her insightful session, Balogun speaking on the recent trend of people leaving the country to find greener pastures said: “Nigeria is best positioned to take advantages of the opportunities we have today and for those thinking of leaving, please consider if the opportunities that would open of up there would be better than what is possible in Nigeria. It is about mindset, personal wants, professional and wealth plans leading up to your plan towards attaining your goal.”