LAGOS  – In a bid to rid the country and Lagos State in particu­lar the deadly corona virus (COVID -19), officials of the Vehicle Inspectorate Services (VIS), Lagos State, has said that they would from next week continue mass sensi­tisation and enforcement of the use of facemasks and social distancing for drivers and commuters in the state. The VIS Director, Akin George Fashola, said there is need for drivers and com­muters to abide by all safe­ty measures to ensure that the state is not forced into another lockdown. Speaking with journalists in his office on Friday, Engr. Fashola said, “COVID-19 is real and it is deadly. Nobody should joke with it or say it is not real. The disease does not maim but kills, so why will people not use facemasks and obey all the safety guide­lines like maintaining social distance, washing of hands regularly and going to hospi­tals when they are sick? We can defeat this virus and it is better and less costly to obey all the safety guidelines than to allow another lockdown in the country. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “We do not want Lagos State to be locked down for a second time, therefore, we will begin our second phase of mass enforcement and sensitisation of drivers es­pecially commercial drivers and commuters to ensure the use of facemasks, observe so­cial distance in the vehicles and other safety rules.” Addressing misconcep­tions promoting non-adher­ence to safety measures, Engr. Fashola said, “Some people think the government is punishing them when they were told to wear face­masks and observe social distancing but what will the government gain from that? People say COVID-19 is not an African disease but this second wave is even deadlier and its kills faster. When oth­ers say that COVID-19 is not their portion, then whose portion is it? It is wise to abide by all the safety rules so that the disease will not be their portion.