Is the private sector pension being merged with the public sector? There is no merger of private sector pension with that of the public sector pension since the sources of funding are not the same. However, both are now being regulated under the same rules and regulations. Will tax be paid on the profit made from trading with the money in the retirement savings account (RSA)? ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Tax will be paid on the profit made from trading with the money in the Retirement Savings Account. Who is a Pension Fund Administrator (PFA)? #endSARS: Why Insurers Must Demonstrate Value Ojumah Wins African Insurance CEO Awards 2020 A Pension Fund Administrator (PFA) is a company licensed by the National Pension Commission to manage and invest the pension funds in the employee’s Retirement Savings Account (RSA). What happens when an employee who has been contributing under the new scheme dies before his retirement? Where an employee who has been contributing under the new pension scheme dies before his/her retirement, his retirement benefits shall be paid to his beneficiary under a will or the spouse and children of the deceased or in the absence of a wife and child, to the recorded next-of-kin or any person designated by him. Can a contributor move his contributions under Nigerian Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) to another PFA? A contributor or beneficiary under NSITF Act can only move his pension contributions under NSITF to another PFA after a period of 5 years from the date of commencement of the Pension Reform Act 2004. What is the main objective of the new pension scheme? One of the main objectives of the pension reform is to ensure that every person that worked in either the public or private sector in Nigeria receives his/her retirement benefits as and when due. HowwillIbenefitfromthenewpension scheme? The new pension scheme will ensure that you receive your pension after retirement without any delay. HowdoIknowwhichPFAtochoose? The National Pension Commission will publish a list of all licensed PFAs and make it available to the public. What happens to the balance in the RSA after any initial lump sum withdrawal? The balance in the RSA will be used to procure an annuity that provides regular income to the contributor or fund a programmed withdrawal. Can NSITF still handle pension matters under the new pension scheme? Nigerian Social Insurance Trust Fund (NSITF) will only handle pension matters of existing pensioners and those exempted by the Act who have contributed to the NSITF under the supervision of the National Pension Commission. Howisthenewpensionschemedifferent from the old pension scheme? Most of the old pension schemes were not fully funded. Therefore, upon retirement, there were no ready funds to pay the pensioners. The new pension scheme is fully funded. Money is contributed into individual employee’s Retirement Savings Account (RSA) and when he/she retirees, there will be money in his/her RSA to pay his pension. How can I be sure that my contributions are safe? All those managing or keeping custody of pension funds and assets will be licensed and continually regulated and supervised by the National Pension Commission.