The Lagos State Government, through its Public Procurement Agency, has trained additional 20 procurement officers of Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) toward boosting e-procurement in MDAs. Mr. Fatai Onafowote, the General Manager, Lagos State Public Procurement Agency said this in a statement on Thursday. According to Onafowote, the two-day training programme organised for the officers was in preparation for the deployment of e-Procurement Solution Modules to the procurement processes. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He urged the procurement officers to rededicate themselves to duty, so they could serve as agents of positive change in their various MDAs. He said before the middle of 2021, at least half of the Ministries, Departments and Agencies of the state would have been brought onboard the e-Procurement platform. Buhari Abandoned Governance For Luxury, Pleasures Of Aso Presidential Villa- PDP Ndubuisi Kanu’s Death: Community Goes Into Mourning Onafowote said the state government was working hard to ensure things were done faster with the deployment of technological tools and devices that would enable civil servants to operate in a conducive environment. The General Manager noted that such deployment would ensure that services could be promptly delivered to the public with relative ease. He said the agency would continue to collaborate with critical stakeholders, including the Ministry of Science and Technology, Accounting Officers, Internal Auditors and Accountants of MDAs, for the successful integration and deployment of the e-procurement system. Onafowote urged the officers to demonstrate passion for knowledge, familiarise themselves with technology, so that they could effectively operate the system in their respective MDAs without any hitches. It will be recalled that the agency had earlier integrated the procurement system of 10 MDAs into the e-procurement platform. The MDAs include the Ministries of Education, Health, Works and Infrastructure, Agriculture, Office of Drainage Services, Office of Environmental Services and the Lagos State Primary Healthcare Board.