Former U.S. Olympic swimmer Klete Keller was arrested and charged Wednesday for allegedly storming the Capitol, the first prominent athlete to be charged in connection with last week’s riots. Keller, 38, was charged with knowingly entering a restricted building, engaging in disorderly conduct at the Capitol and obstructing law enforcement, according to court documents. Keller competed in the 2000, 2004 and 2008 Olympic games, winning five medals, including two gold as a member of relay teams alongside Michael Phelps, over the course of his career. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Keller was first identified by swimming news outlet SwimSwam in part because he was wearing his Olympic team jacket in footage from the riot taken inside the Capitol Rotunda. Keller resigned Wednesday from his job at Colorado real estate agency Hoff & Leigh, which said in a statement that Keller was an independent contractor and that the company “cannot condone actions that violate the rule of law.” Presidency Backs Kukah On Right To Practise Faith, Politics CBN Releases Framework For Safety, Stability Of Financial System Keller could not immediately be reached for comment. CRUCIAL QUOTE“Team USA athletes are held to a very high standard as they represent our country on the field of play and off. What happened in Washington, D.C., was a case where that standard was clearly not met,” the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Committee said in a statement about Keller’s arrest. KEY BACKGROUNDFederal authorities have already identified 170 people who potentially committed crimes last week and charged 70 of them. They predict that “hundreds” more will be charged in the coming weeks. While Keller is the first Olympian to be linked to the riots, other prominent people arrested include West Virginia state Rep. Derrick Evans, the CEO of Chicago-based marketing technology company Cogensia and the son of a Brooklyn judge. (SOURCE: Forbes)