IBADAN – Barely few days after unknown gunmen kidnapped and killed a petroleum dealer who owns Subawah petroleum, Mrs Sherifat Adisa and two children as well as the kidnap of a medical doctor in Ibarapa North Local Government Area, some suspected gunmen have kidnapped another farmer in Oyo State. It was gathered on Tuesday that the gunmen on Monday kidnapped one Mr. Monsuru Aderoju, at Oke Agbede area of Igangan, a town also in Ibarapa geo-political zone of the state. The kidnap of Aderoju, who is a cassava farmer is coming less than three weeks after the abduction of a farmer along the old Ibadan/ Oyo Road in Ibadan. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! It could be recalled that no fewer than five people have been kidnapped in the state in the last three weeks. Among the five people kidnapped in the last three weeks, it was gathered that a woman was kidnapped at a Quarry site in Moniya, a farmer kidnapped along old Ibadan/Oyo road, Mrs. Jimoke Oludele, an elder sister to Mr. Sunkanmi Babalola, member Oyo State House of Assembly, and recently a medical doctor in Ibarapa North Local government area and Aderoju who was kidnapped on Monday. Man Flees Home After Wife With Five Children Had Quadruplets UK University Develops 5-Minute Test For COVID-19 It was gathered that out of the five people kidnapped in the last three weeks, only one of them, Mrs. Jimoke Oludele has been released. Speaking on the kidnap of Aderoju, Convener of Igangan Development Advocates, Mr. Oladokun Oladiran who confirmed the kidnap on Tuesday, disclosed Aderoju popularly known as Alhaji Monsuru was trailed to his home at Oke Agbède in Igangan, where he was kidnapped on Monday evening. According to him, “Monsuru Aderoju by name was kidnapped by unknown strangers suspected to be the entrenched Fulani kidnapping cabal on Monday evening. “He resides at Oke àgbède Igangan. The Business tycoon supplies cassava, married with one wife and two kids. “After he finished 8pm Muslim prayer and decided to go home, according to the information from the reliable source, two of the kidnapper attended the same prayer session. “However, their strange faces only generated some suspicion and the saga unfolded. They were not thought to be threat. They must have trailed him home and carried out their evil act. “The state is too bureaucratic about this, there are times you throw away the garb of unnecessary bureaucracy to save lives.” Efforts by Jounalists to get reaction from Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), Oyo Command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi proved abortive as calls put through to his mobile number were not answered as at the time of filing this story on Tuesday.