As part of efforts to boost Internally Generated Revenue (IGR), the Surveyor-General of the Federation (SGoF) has planned to commission its Database Centre towards mainstreaming of Geospatial Information acquisition and use in the country. The Surveyor General of the Federation (SGoF), Surv. Samuel Adeniran Taiwo, who disclosed this during the management meeting of the Office in Abuja, disclosed that the project started since 2012. SGoF, in a statement by the Head of Press and Public Relations, Abu Michael, acknowledged the commitment of the incumbent federal government towards bringing it to realization, adding that the Geo and E-Commerce Portal of OSGoF would be launched through the database. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “The project would be a sort of centralized omnibus database for stakeholders in Nigeria with the aim of providing easy accessibility and streamlining of geospatial data. This would boost Internally Generated Revenue (IGR) for the country as well as her national security,” he said. Taiwo said that the agency would this year focus its attention on the establishment and development of more Continuously Operating Reference Station (CORS), charging the Department of Business and Commercial Development to quickly incorporate the arrangement to ensure adequate generation of revenue. Lawyer Writes Fayemi Over Alleged Maltreatment Of Housewife By Aide NSCDC Arraigns18-Year-Old Man For Allegedly Defiling Minor While reminding members of the management to ensure aligning all projects and activities of their departments and units with the priority areas of the federal government, the SGoF urged them to be creative and production conscious. As part of its support to encourage geospatial education in the country, Surv. Taiwo said that the agency would be donating some surveying and mapping equipment to universities and polytechnics offering related courses.