Prince Dapo Abiodun, Ogun State Governor, has disclosed plans by his ad­ministration to have an agro-allied based airport to aid the development of the state as a destination of choice for agriculture in Nigeria. Abiodun, who spoke during the inauguration of Agbeloba Aquaculture Hub in Owiwi, Obafemi-Owode Local Government Area of the state, said the agricul­tural sector remains the sure way out of poverty and unemployment ravaging the country. The project is being pro­moted by a former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! While also expressing optimism that his adminis­tration believes that the state and the country as a whole can actually grow what it eats, the governor commend­ed Obasanjo for continuous­ly and tirelessly walking his talk on agriculture. He said, “We are looking at having an agro-allied based airport from which agro pro­duces like what we have here can be airfreighted outside the country and still get to other destinations fresh. We are looking at this kind of things that will complement all that we are doing. Udu Youths Commend Okowa, Uviejitobor Over Development Glo Wishes Nigerians Prosperous New Year “We, as a government, believe in what Baba (Obasanjo) is doing and we will continue to advocate for this because we see our­selves as fast becoming the bread basket of this nation. “We believe in this proj­ect, we believe that agricul­ture is a way out of poverty and unemployment. We believe that we can actu­ally grow what we eat and what we grow and we want to commend former Presi­dent Olusegun Obasanjo for continuously and tirelessly walking the talk.” Abiodun stated that his administration was confi­dent that the bid to make the state a special agro-process­ing zone would soon become a reality. He pointed out that in the coming year, at least 5,000 young people in the state will receive mentor­ing, support and linkage to profitable agro-investment firms, as a prelude to setting them up in their respective businesses. The governor stressed that the nation’s recent expe­rience, especially during the lockdown necessitated by the outbreak of COVID-19, has brought to the fore the need to ensure food security. “It is a reminder that we now need another Opera­tion Feed the Nation (OFN) more than ever before. This time, it has to be urgent and with home grown ini­tiatives,” he said. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION