ABUJA- There are indications that the threats of an indefinite strike by the Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Universities SSANU and Non Academic Staff Union of Universities NASU may come into effect on January 21st 2021. This is sequel to a circular already issued by the two sister unions on Thursday, in Abuja to all branch chairmen, mobilizing them to meet and take final resolutions on the strike action. In the circular signed by Comr. Makolo Hassan for NASU and Comr. Mohammed Ibrahim for SSANU respectively, specifically commended the unions for carrying out a three day protest nationwide. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Recall that their grievances sterns from alleged Irregularities in the implementation of the Integrated Personnel Payroll and Information System IPPIS, including the funds released by the Federal Government as payment for Earned Allowances for which, members of the Academic Staff Union of Universities ASUU are taking a larger chunk. The circular passing further directives to both unions noted, “the National Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NASU and SSANU met today, Thursday, 14” January 2021 to appraise the three (3) day nationwide protest as decided at its meeting held on Friday, 8” January 2021. Resumption Of Schools In Kogi Remains January 18 – Commissioner Second Wave COVID-19: NAPPS Insists FG Must Keep Schools Open “Evaluating the nationwide action, the leadership of JAC commended the courage and commitment of members in effectively prosecuting the protests across the Branches. “The National JAC further observed the need for members of the Unions (NASU and SSANU) to take ownership of subsequent decisions In respect of the way forward after the nationwide protests. To this end, Branch Chairmen of NASU and SSANU are hereby directed to convene joint congresses simultaneously on Tuesday 19” January, 2021 to take a resolution on the possible commencement of an indefinite and total National Strike in respect of non-implementation of the issues contained in the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed and agreed with the unions by the Federal Government on 20” October, 2020. “The resolution of these congresses are to be forwarded to the National Secretariats of the respective Unions via email, while a meeting of the leadership of the National JAC shall be convened on Thursday, 21” January 2021 to collate and take decision on the Branch resolutions which shall be communicated to the Branches subsequently. “Please treat this request with the seriousness it deserves. Yours in the struggle”.