LAGOS – The Oniwonlu Royal Fami­ly of Ibeju Agbe, Ibeju Lek­ki, Lagos State, has called on Governor Babajide San­wo-Olu to come to their aid by ensuring that the right person is installed to the vacant stool of Onibeju. Chief Sikiru Adediran, spokesperson of the family and head of Alaagba in Ibe­ju Agbe, said the people of Ibeju want a bonafide son to occupy the throne of Onibeju Kingdom through due process inherited from their forefathers, adding that a mere stranger whose identity to the Oniwonlu’s family could not be traced could not be imposed on them. Adediran, a member of Onibeju selection commit­tee, went down memory lane, revealing that only three families, namely, Abejoye, Aladeseso and Oniwonlu are rightful occupiers of the Onibeju stool. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said that the former kings, Oba Rafiu Oluwase­gun and Oba Musa Agba­biaka, were from Abejoye and Aladeseso respective­ly, saying that it’s only Oniwonlu family that has not produced an Onibeju, hence it is their turn to oc­cupy the throne. He said: “When the se­lection to pick the candi­date for the next Onibeju began, the Oniwonlu fam­ily called all her children who believed that they were capable and quali­fied to occupy the Onibe­ju stool to come out and pick the form of interest, then about 19 candidates showed interest. Students Can’t Remain At Home Indefinitely – COEASU Aina Seeks Govt’s Investment In Agriculture “The family had meet­ings at the home of Chief Michael Adeyinka Oni­wonlu, the former head of Oniwonlu family. We had three separate meetings at his Epe home before the meeting was later moved to Iga Ibeju, in Ibeju Agbe. “All 19 candidates were taken to ‘Oju Ishin’ shrine and they were told to make an oath that none of them would go to court or harass other candidates with police and they all did.” Adediran stressed that the three candidates picked included Idris Aju­mobi Oniwonlu, Adewale Abdulwasiu Oniwonlu and Ademuyiwa Akande Oni­wonlu. He said on November 12, 2020 the local government asked them to submit the name of the next Onibeju to the council for proper assessment. “But, we got informa­tion that the head of the kingmakers, Chief Mos­hood Adewale Aro, was planning to instal another person outside our family and against the wishes of the people of Ibeju king­dom.