…As LASU Senate Honours Him With Special Valedictory Event As the curtain draws on the five-year successful tenure of the 8th substantive vice Chancellor of Lagos State University ( LASU), Professor ‘Lanre Fagbohun, SAN, NPOM, a body known as Global University Network for Innovation Africa( GUNA) has recognised and honoured the professor of Environmental Law for his exemplary leadership, in the West Africa region. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! This award was presented to the outgoing Vice-Chancellor by Distinguished Prof. Peter Okebukola at the LASU Senate Chamber, Babatunde Raji Fashola Senate Building, Main Campus, Ojo, on Tuesday, 5th January 2020 at a special Senate session in honour of a man, who has changed the narrative, story and face of the second-best University in Nigeria Foundation Wants More Support For Widows Democrats Poised To Control US Senate, Giving Biden Upper Hand The Deputy Vice Chancellor ( Administration), Prof. Damola Oke set the tone for what to come, when he gave a short keynote address, where he described Professor Fagbohun as a well focused leader, who knows the rules and very accommodating. ” He is very firm in taking decisions. The interest of the students and welfare of the staff were very paramount to him. As you leave, may God minister to your leaves. May clear your ways. You family will prosper”, he stated. Also, Distinguished Prof. Okebukola, on behalf of LASU Senate presented the man of the moment, Professor Fagbohun, a plaque, in recognition of his achievements during his chequered five year single term as the university’s helmsman ” Nigeria has about 173 Federal, State and public universities. And in West Africa, about 147 Universities, altogether, we have 320 Universities in West Africa region. This achievement is no mean feat and not earned on a platter of gold. This is achieved , based on hard work, the sterling and leadership qualities of the vice Chancellor. Congratulations, Professor Fagbohun. This is a well deserved honour”, Distinguished Prof. Okebukola said as he handed the portrait of the award to the recipient. In his response and remarks, an elated Professor Fagbohun, thanked the Principal Officers, members of the extended University Management Team, Directors, Heads of Departments, non teaching, teaching staff, the LASU world class students, his wife, children, siblings and friends, who thronged the venue of the event, to honour him. ” I am humbled. I am honoured. In the last two weeks, I have been overwhelmed by the show of love by the LASU Community.”, he enthusedSpeaking further, “I have worked with amazing colleagues and work class students. It has been a roller coaster of excitement. In the last five years, we had fun. Life is always a mix. In all of this, Lanre Fagbohun is just a tiny spec”, the Vice-Chancellor stated with an air of confidence. On the question put to him by Prof. Oyebola Laguda, if he had any regrets. The celebrant retorted that he had none, but, would feel the regrets if those values and gains he left behind were eroded. “I will begin to have regrets if we don’t follow rules and regulations. If we begin to lose those gains, that is when I will have regrets.”, he averred in a low tone. Looking introspect, Professor Fagbohun asserted that he and his team achieved a lot by following the rules, regulations, acting right, with commitment and devotion. He added that the team performed no magic in the last five years, it just played by the laid down rules. He noted that the team was consistent in implementation of policies as well as credibility was the order of the day. He insisted that the consistency in implementation of various policies assisted in elevation of the university and taking it to that enviable height in the comity of higher Institutions. ” The last five years have been amazing, working together. We all did it together. The joy of working together has been amazing. I thank you all for the role played in the development of LASU. Finally, to almighty Allah, I say thank you. God’s guidance has been with us all through”, he ended his remarks. Leading the line of tributes and goodwill messages, by some members of the LASU Senate, family and friends, Distinguished Prof. Peter Okebukola’s tribute was more of a prayer” I live you in the hands of God. You have elevated LASU to a superlative height. You have taken it to a cruising altitude. We will keep remembering your name as VC, LASU for good. God will be with you. No evil will befall you”. Dist. Prof. Martins Anetekhai ” you are a natural word processor as well as your oratory nature. I wish you well. During your tenure, no scandal and no financial impropriety. You are an excellent man. Goodluck to you”. ” We thank God for this turn around. The slogan : we are LASU, we are proud is associated with you. Nobody can take that from you. You gave us LASU anthem, after how many years? Only a great man can do all these. As you leave, you will not die”, Prof. Oyebola Laguda. Director, CGNS, Prof. Biodun Akinpelu has this to say” On a day like this, we give God the glory. You are special, we are so proud of this man, Professor Fagbohun. LASU has been a winner with you. We will not allow LASU to go down. We will stop at nothing to defend this cause. We celebrate an astute leader. We specially appreciate you”. The Dean, School of Transportation, Prof. Gbadebo Odewunmi” you have done well. We celebrate you. Thank God for your good landing”. ” The National Productivity award you won is a reflection of your sterling qualities. You carried out your responsibilities with a lot of finesse, being a lawyer and with mathematical precision. I wish you the best in all your endeavours”, the Dean, Faculty of Law, Prof. Kanmi Olatoye . The Provost, Lagos State University College of Medicine ( LASUCOM), Prof. Biodun Adewuya ” Nigeria is a country we all feel things can not work, but, Professor Fagbohun has put that to test. You have been a very good friend of LASUCOM. I wish you the best”. For the Chief Medical Director, Lagos State University Teaching Hospital( LASUTH), Prof. Adetokunbo Fabamwo” You are a friend and you will always be one , forever. When I applied for the post of the CMD, LASUTH, you supported me and when I eventually got it, you celebrated me. You should be up there, doing good for this country. I wish you, well”. From one of the vice chancellor’s siblings, his elder sister, Mrs Okwuonu, said “As you are leaving the stage, at LASU, we thank God. You are very firm and always stand for the truth. Lanre, I am so proud of you. Thank you, all. You must have got a lot of support. I thank you, all. Lanre, kudos”. This is what one of his friends, Mr Kayode Adeluola has to say about him ” He works so hard. He didn’t achieve all the successes on a platter of gold, but, through dint of hard work. He is a man of integrity. He is a decent man. With him, in charge , at LASU, no strike. Even, during the lockdown, there were online classes for the students. I thank you for making the difference. I congratulate you”. Professor ‘Lanre Fagbohun’s better half, Princess Yeside Fagbohun rounded off the tributes and goodwill messages.” Thank you LASU, for where we are, today. To my husband, I love you. I cherish you. The children, say, thank you. LASU, thank you for taking good care of my husband. We are very proud of you. From us, myself and the children, we will always support you”. The highpoint of the special event was when the duo of Distinguished Prof. Okebukola and Distinguished Prof. Anetekhai, on behalf of the LASU Senate presented the vice Chancellor some gift as a token of appreciation for all he did.