UMUAHIA  – An Economic and Financial expert, Sir Johnson Chukwu has advised the Federal government to make the appropriate policy needed to pull the nation’s economy out of recession. Speaking to a cross section of Journalists in his Country Home in Ugwueke, Bende Local Government Area of Abia State, Sir Chukwu doubted the statement credited to the Federal government that the country will exit recession by the first quarter of 2021, describing same as ambitious statement. He posited that if Nigeria’s economy must come out of recession as fast as expected, Nigerians should expect a “V Shaped Curve”, where an economy goes into recession and come out quickly. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! His words, “If you look at the growth of Nigeria’s economy since the beginning of last year, you will observe that the first quarter of the year 2020, when Coronavirus has not hit the economy, the economy grew only by 1.87 percent. In the second quarter, as a result of the COVID-19 lockdown and the global economic crisis, the economy contracted by 6.1 percent and in the third quarter of last year, the economy contracted by 3.62 percent. “ It is feasible that the economy will still contract in the first quarter, as we may also observe that several economies are just reopening. Border Closure Boost N12.5bn Seizures, Prevented 1,401 Irregular Migrants – Ali, Customs GC Commercial Activities Resume In Onitsha Markets After Xmas, New Year Celebrations “I want to believe that it may be difficult for the economy to rebound in the first quarter but hopefully by the time we get to the second quarter, we should see an economic recovery. We should see a positive growth. We should expect a low growth in 2021, just like we have seen in the previous years. For the past four years, since the economy went into recession in 2016, the economy has been growing at a very slow rate. “If you recall, the economy contracted by 1.58 percent in 2016, only to grow by 0.82 percent in 2017 and grew by 1.91 percent in 2018 and 2.27 percent in 2019, so in 2020, we expected the contraction, that is, the economy is in recession, but in 2021 towards the second and third quarter, we should see a positive growth but a very low growth that will still be below our population growth by about 3 percent. Sir Chukwu said, “In the year 1929 to 1933, the US went into economic depression. The government of President Franklin Roosevelt had to bring the economy out of recession through public works by spreading and injecting liquidity into the economy and they were able to stimulate economic recovery in US.”