ASABA  – Mr. Wisdom, father of a two-year-old boy identified as Zino has been arrested along Okumagba Area, Warri South Local Government Area for al­legedly molesting his son. Daily Independent gath­ered that his father and step­mother identified as Mrs. Rita allegedly maltreated him on daily basis by deny­ing him food and shelter af­ter the mother of the toddler abandoned him to his father. It was gathered that a civil society group res­cued the toddler from the residence of his father and stepmother at No. 113 Oku­magba Avenue, Ojabugbe Junction, Off Deco Road, Warri, Delta State after a tip from neighbours. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Our source, the Direc­tor-General (DG), Young Ni­gerian Rights Organisation, Comrade Victor Ojei, hinted that the under-age child was allegedly being molested by the father and stepmother. “This is Zino, a two-year-old child whom the biological mother dropped with his bio­logical father and step mother at No 113 Okumagba Avenue, Ojabugbe junction off Deco Road, Warri, Delta State.” 20 Burnt Beyond Recognition In Bauchi Auto-crash Osun Senator Attacked By Armed Thugs Comrade Ojei, who dou­bles as the State Coordina­tor, Delta North Conference for Actualisation of Hu­man Rights, said, “Since then the father and step mother has been giving this child all sorts of mal­treatment and starvation.” While calling on the state government, Civil Societies and Rights activists to come to the aid of Master Zino, Ojei pleaded, “Please I call on the Delta State govern­ment and all human rights activists to come to the aid of this child as the father and step mother have refused neighbours from feeding the boy even when they have re­fused to give him food. Ojei said, “They lock him up in a dark room and beat him up when he receives help from neighbours. Neighbours now are afraid to help so they don’t end up killing him. “Please come to the aid of this child. Please help re­post till he gets a helper,” he pleaded. Also speaking, an impec­cable source who gave details of the alleged maltreatment of Master Zino under ano­nymity said, “The man im­pregnated someone outside, when the child got to a year, the girl’s mother came to the man that he should assist but the man denied it severally that the child is not his own. “Then, when time went on, the woman that is the stepmother said that they should bring the child to her that she can take care of the child. That is how they got the child and ever since then it is from one maltreatment to the other. They have not been feeding the child well.” Our source who Identified the father and stepmother to Master Zino, as Mr. Wisdom and Mrs. Rita, added, “This morning when I came to the compound, I saw the step­mother taking the child in a Keke. Maybe she has got wind that people are coming.” It was learnt that the Mr. Wisdom would be charged to family court before the end of this week. At press time, all efforts made to reach Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Onome Onovwakpoy­eya, proved abortive.