Prominent Lagos State indigenes on Saturday deplored the cancellation of the selection of a new vice chancellor for the Lagos State University (LASU) by Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu. In a statement signed by Chief Adesunbo Onitiri, socio-political activist and critic, on behalf of the group, the indigenes expressed concern that the due process carried out by eminent and erudite scholars for the selection, was being jettisoned. They stated: “We received the news of the cancellation of the selection of the new vice chancellor of Lagos State University (LASU) by Governor Sanwo-Olu with utmost shock and bewilderment. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “There was no genuine reason for the cancellation of the due process carried out by eminent and erudite scholars. “Besides, in less than a week, the tenure of the current  vice-chancellor of the university will be coming to an end and a new one is supposed to have been announced.” Baruten LG Killings: Kwara Governor Calls For Calm, Restraint BREAKING: Late Orisabunmi’s Younger Sister Dies, Days After Brother’s Death According to the statement, “We prominent indigenes of Lagos State and stakeholders are not happy with this cancellation. “We will urge the governor to have a rethink and complete the due process by announcing one of the three names shortlisted for him in the interest of fair play and justice.” They pointed out that gone were the dark ages, “when our dear state is governed by one man.” They maintained that the seven members of the Joint Governing Council and Senate Selection Committee were credible individuals worthy of their positions in the university. According to the group, the Senate Selection Committee had completed its assignment creditably and what was expected of the governor was to pick from the ones recommended to the governor. “Going through another selection process will lead to more rancour and suggest an opportunity to hand pick a favoured candidate by the governor,” it added. The group warned against any attempt to impose an unpopular candidate on LASU as a vice chancellor, which the indigenes said, would be at variance with the original ideals of the founding fathers. “Where there is no justice and fair play, there will be no peace. All Lagosians and lovers of peace appeal to Governor Sanwo-Olu to conclude the selection process as recommended by the Senate Selection Committee,” it concluded.