Awka- Principal Nursing Officer Mrs. Ifeyinwa Juliet Ojiakor, who works at General Hospital Onitsha in Anambra state, says it is of paramount importance that the general public should be educated more on how she midwifed the delivery of the first baby of the year, this year. Ojiakor who narrated the story of how she monitored her patient one Mrs. Ifeoma Obizolu, an indigene of Adazi-Nnukwu Anaocha local government area of Anambra state, until 12am on 1st January, 2021 when she delivered her patient of a baby girl, opined that it was a miraculous encounter because she hadn’t the premonition that she would emerge the nurse that would perform the delivery of the first child of the year. She told our correspondent that immediately after the child was put to bed, the ward in charge was informed and she put a call through to the hospital management informing the management that the first baby of the year 2021 has been delivered and that Mrs. Ifeyinwa Juliet Ojiakor was the midwife who performed the delivery. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Nurse Ojiakor disclosed further that her assistant, Agbata Ngozi witnessed the entire episode of how Ifeoma Obizolu was closely placed under observation until she delivered her of a baby girl weighing 4.8 at exactly 12am that morning. The principal nursing officer who also gave a medical history of the mother of the first baby of the year, said Ifeoma Obizolu’s medical records revealed that she has had six set of pregnancies, delivered four and lost two. Apostle Chinyere Offers Free Eye Screening To 205 Persons In Abia NCDC Registers 576 COVID-19 New Cases In Nigeria Mrs. Ifeyinwa Juliet Ojiakor said her name is written in the hospital register as the nursing officer who midwived the delivery of the first child this year but the problem was that one Emebo V.C, a junior nursing officer was erroneously announced in the media as the nurse who delivered the first child of the year. She however stressed that it was pertinent that she cleared the air on the true position of who actually midwived the delivery of the first baby of the year 2021; noting that she did the delivery and has sworn to uphold the tenet of her medical practice. It was gathered also that the commmissioner for women affairs and children in Anambra state, Lady Ndidi Mezue visited the mother and her child at the hospital and showered gift items on them including reasonable amount of money. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION