If there is any germane time for all stakeholders in Nigeria to raise their level of national discourse on salient issues like public accountability, national security and responsible leadership, it is now. This is importantly so especially when various segments of the polity are trying to push diverse agendas that can seriously threaten the existence of the country as a united entity. It is obvious to many Nigerians that in the last decade or so, the country has been engaging in a long drawn conflict with various groups of militants, insurgents or terrorists in at least four of the six geo-political zones. In all those years till now, the Nigerian military has been stretched to the limit in at least 33 states of the federation. It is commendable that our armed forces, despite diverse limitations, have defended the country vigorously from various subversive elements, putting their lives on the line to maintain the nation’s territorial integrity. With these successes from our military, we have equally seen desperate and deadly attacks on different soft targets by different decimated groups of anarchists. Those nefarious actions have, in recent years, revved up emotions of the public to a level that some people begin to think that the military might be folding its arms, as cases of gun attacks and kidnappings raise their ugly heads intermittently in different parts of the country. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! This level of understanding from the average person on the street could be overlooked as they naturally want magical response from the military. They want to go about their daily businesses in absolute peace, with no sound of gunshot or any report of gun attacks or kidnapping. That is understandable, and the least that anyone could expect from government. In most enlightened environments, faced with this level of threats, the elites, especially those in authority, will sooth the populace with words of hope. What follows next is for everyone to rally round collectively, using their various offices, to tackle the threat. Even when there are debates, presentations are made with civility and from informed positions. NDLEA Denies Chairman’s Sack Ekiti Assembly Service Commission Releases Staff Audit Report, Exposes Irregularities This is why you will not hear lawmakers in the US, France or Germany call for the exit of their service chiefs, anytime there are terrorist attacks in schools, on the street, or any other public place. But it creates great discomfiture, when political elites, including those who populate the top legislative chambers of a country, descend to the pedestrian level of trying to ride on cheap public sentiments as they take positions on security issues that are devoid of any form of research or logic. A little research and dispassionate analysis could have helped our lawmakers understand that passing those resolutions, and calling for the removal of service chiefs or their principal staff officers and commanders, were clear misplacements of priorities. Each year, a substantial part of the legislative budget is set aside for research, documentations, books, journals, etc. The average Nigerian lawmaker also has a retinue of researchers and personal assistants attached to his office. This means any Nigerian legislator, if he or she so desires, can direct his research team, within a time frame, to produce a well-researched document on Nigeria’s security challenges. Such a document would deepen the quality of presentation of the lawmaker. It will equally reveal the steps Nigeria took to achieve success when the country was in this kind of situation during the civil war, or at other times. It would share insights on steps other countries, with similar challenges, followed to achieve success. Such a fact-based document will reveal plainly that persistent calls for the exit of our service chiefs, as the panacea to our security challenges, are not only baseless but simplistic. For such a working document to elevate discourse among lawmaker and deepen the awareness of our political elite, salient historical facts on efforts that led to our success during the civil war must equally be dissected. An extra bit of quality research will reveal clearly that Nigeria’s situation today is pretty similar to the Civil War experience, which Nigeria went into with just about 5000 soldiers in its army. When the war ended, Nigeria had well over 250,000 men in its national army, all these within the space of 30 months. The government embarked on mass recruitment into the military, and simply overwhelmed Biafra by the sheer number of soldiers. There were federal boots in every conquered territory. Presently, the strength of the Nigerian Army is about 124,000 soldiers and officers in active service, and they are currently engaged in various forms of intervention across almost all the states of the federation.  Despite their vast efforts and successes in decimating the enemy, the hard fact is that the entire Nigerian military does not have the numerical strength to effectively remain engaged in all parts of the country at the same time. The population of our fighting force, as it stands today, does not permit the efficient execution and retention of all recovered territories in the war against insurgency in the Northeast and Northwest. A discerning law maker or any member of the political elite would realize promptly that Nigeria will need to step up her recruitment programme remarkably, to at least triple the number of soldiers in her ranks, within a couple of months if we want to entrench total peace and security in the nation. Now, what will help Nigeria more – a new law crafted to set aside financial limitations and the bureaucracies of recruitment to pave the way for more boots on ground, or a resolution calling for the exit of service chiefs? Weaving our usual political web of intrigues around the tenure of service chiefs and recruiting political despatchers and self-styled civil society groups to play politics on what should purely be military issues will never place lasting solutions on the table. If by any stroke of luck, the President and Commander-in-Chief luck is convinced to appoint new service chiefs even monthly, without tackling fundamental issues, very little will change.  Military science is not witchcraft. The quality of discourse in any country’s political space is dependent on the level of knowledge and sincerity present in the players; and it’s the same for our law-making organs which are populated by the political class as well. The quality of any legislative house is dependent on the knowledge and expertise of house members, and by extension those in the legislative committees. It is regrettable that the ability of Nigeria’s legislative body to perform its constitutional functions over the nation’s security sector is considerably limited by the lack of expertise and knowledge. This makes the vigorous pursuit of programmes to deepen the knowledge of our lawmakers on security related issues a matter of urgency. The largely shallow and unproductive quality of debates and contributions at various committees tends to create a crisis of performance that seemed to have been exploited by the prebendal nature of politics in Nigeria.  The astonishing manner latest campaigns against the service chiefs are being orchestrated in the media, and many other platforms, reveals that the entire project has very little or nothing to do with any advancement in our war against terror. Even a casual observer will notice that the political class in Nigeria sees public office as an opportunity to enrich self and cronies rather than deepen democratic values and ethos or advance collective national interest. Consequently, the control of the security sector for personal interest now, rather than for public good, has becomes very critical for some politicians. Given that security matters go to the heart of our sovereignty, taking control of the sector might seem very compelling for many politicians, especially with the 2023 elections coming in less than two years. That the current executive council under President Buhari can see through the façade of these onslaughts, including the ones against the service chiefs, to remain focused and resolute, and build cohesiveness and unity within the armed forces, is significant. Nigeria, indeed, is blessed at this point with a leader that has those special capabilities to review the bigger picture before taking decisions that have the collective national interest at heart. However, there is urgent need for the nation to consolidate on the gains of this leadership and take her fate in her hands. We can begin with the national assembly giving the President and Commander-in-Chief, clear-cut emergency powers. This will promptly enable him to embark on building up the Armed Forces into a massive war machine. This is how to crush insurgency and insecurity in the country, and make Nigeria safe for every citizen. The significant points that must be made and firmly established is that, in going to war, a nation’s military requires both strategic and programmatic approaches. These strategies can best be achieved in the context of presidential emergency powers. After about 12 years of engaging insurgency in the country, the president needs such emergency powers that would allow him deal with these matters decisively. A critical component of such emergency power is emergency funding for the military. Our resolve for lasting development must show at the level of financial resources we are ready to commit in the fight against insurgency. It is only with massive funding that vast recruitments and purchase of quality weaponry can be achieved. If Nigeria must prevent this long-drawn conflict from encouraging the rise of insurgencies in other parts of the country and pushing us all under the real threat of extinction, the time to multiply our human power and firepower on the frontlines is now. (Mr. Ime Ntia is a Lagos-based journalist and public communications expert)