…Worried About Abductions, Encourages Armed Forces Damaturu- Borno State Governor Babagana Umara Zulum on Tuesday chaired the first security in the year 2021. The meeting was attended by the Deputy Governor, Umar Usman Kadafur, heads of all military and para-military establishments, police and the DSS commands, the Shehu of Borno, Abubakar Umar Garbai Elkanemi, the SSG, Usman Jidda Shuwa, Head of Service, Barr. Simon Malgwi, Chief Staff, Professor Isa Hussaini Marte, Commissioners of Justice and Local Government and Emirate Affairs and the Governor’s SSA on Security. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Before the meeting went into closed door, Zulum in his opening remarks, reiterated that security of lives and property Borno people remains his number one priority which he said will do everything possible to uphold. “I will like to to begin by reminding members that the security of lives and property remains the primary responsibility of any government as enshrined in the 1999 constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria as amended, which we all swore to protect, depend and preserve. With this in mind we must reflect on how effective, timely and precise in our collective efforts channeled towards upholding this singular but most important essence of governance”, Zulum said. Oyo Flag Off Extended Special Public Works Programme To Curb Unemployment Rate Churning Out Lies, False Performance Claims Will Not Save APC From Accounting For Atrocities In Office- PDP The Governor gave an overview of some notable security issues in 2020 while calling on the council members to criticality examine approaches and tactics used in the fight against insurgency in the state. Zulum stressed that despite all efforts, in December 2020 alone dozens of innocent people were abducted across the state. He cited an alarming rate in December alone. He noted it was imperative for all to concentrate every effort and energy in finding ways and means of resolving this unfortunate situation once and for all, before considering any other issue. The Governor expressed gratitude to President Muhammadu Buhari, officers and soldiers of the Nigerian armed forces and all other security operatives working in Borno for their efforts. “The Government and people of Borno commend the relentless efforts of Mr President, Service Chiefs and sacrifice of Nigerian Army in particular and other security agencies in general in the fight against insurgency. The fallen heroes and their families will always be in our mind” Zulum said.