In my last week episode, I tried to analyse the TYRANNICAL and unjustifiable reigns of this administration against the Igbos. It became very clear that many South Easterners attacked me not because I was lying, but basically, because to them, the worst scenario in terms of insecurity was domestically a Northern affairs. To them, insecurity advocacy should be channelled to the North. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! What they failed to understand was that every Nigerian life matters. No Nigerian is more Nigerian than any Nigerian. Fayose Dedicates New Year To Giving Wande Coal Expresses Frustration Over Being Misunderstood We must have a mentality change that portrays every Nigerian death as a national calamity irrespective of birthplace or religion. We must do away with sentiments and emotional attachments to religion and tribe supremacy that had kept us more as a divided nation than a united nation. We must voice out our dismay against any government that won’t protect the lives of ALL NIGERIANS irrespective of their tribal or religious locations or affiliations. Self-defense is allowed in certain situations, and if the people are feeling insecure in their country, won’t they have an option of sorting out their own ways of protecting themselves and their properties, and which include their families and ancestral homes? Government has failed to provide security for the lives and properties of Nigerians and as such, it becomes very important for the citizens to resort in using self-help security apparatus through volunteering vigilantes to protect themselves. Although when comparisons are to be made amongst all the six zones in Nigeria today, South East seems to be the safest region, but not of recent with constant Fulani herdsmen and local Bandits extorting money, raping and killing people in their farms. December 2020 witnessed the sinister abduction of a Catholic Bishop in Owerri and other incidents of ugly reports. Just 2nd and 6th of January 2021, two gruesome video clips of armed bandits’ attacks went viral in all social media. Amongst the  two incidents, the one that happened along Uzuakoli – Umuahia road, in Abia State with over 23 bullet holes on a vehicle that was carrying a family survived. But it wasn’t so at the incident that happened at Ihiala, in Anambra State, where the driver and his boss were more of slaughtered in a Hilux Toyota vehicle. It becomes very expedient that the South West security apparatus should be fully activated. The AMOTEKUN should not wait until the issue of security in the South West degenerates. Lagos State has maintained the best security surveillance and deserves our appreciation. But: It’s very sad that the South East Governors are still waiting for the FGN roadside service on how to come up with their own peculiar security plans for their people. It then gives some kind of credence that the South East Governors are more of selfish minded humans or that they are waiting until the entire South East is overwhelmed by terrorists or bandits. In Kano, HISBA that was legally established to serve as a local government security apparatus has become more powerful than even the police, and unfortunately, operating as a religious doctrine protectionist in a country that ought to be secular. The North East, North West and North Central are almost at the verge of a full blown war with insurgents despite all the lopsided appointments that gave the North the majority of the security agencies heads, but unfortunately, there is no tactical plan to stop the slaughtering of Nigerians. The government has failed to own up to the failure of security and as such, need more of intelligence gathering than brute force in policing mechanism. It has become very much necessary for the government to either legalise the use of fire arms for self defence, restructure the country or throw in the towel by calling for an early elections that should produce a new set of people with accurate understanding of what a citizen’s life means to the entire nation. For now, we are more of a confused society than thinking about the lives of the vulnerable citizens who have only God Almighty as their Saviour. Dr. Sunny Oby Maduka (DSM), is an Author, Resource Personality, Management Consultant/Trainer, Chartered/Certified -Auditor/ Accountant, Financial Compliance Expert, Economic/Political Analyst Strategist, Marine Expert and Motivationist)