LAGOS  – Hope For Widows Initiative, a nongovernmental organisation, has called on churches, firms, government and individuals to show more care in alleviating sufferings faced by the indigents. At the maiden edition of welfare distribution programme for widows, held in Itire Surulere, Lagos, Joy Nwachukwu and Oluwaleke Emmanuel, co-founders Hope For Widows Initiative and members of the Deeper Life Bible Church said there were many depressed individuals as a result of inability to cope with life challenges and the harsh economic situation in the country. “We discovered that most widows are neglected. We came with the vision of ensuring they have hope irrespective of the state of widowhood they find themselves. They should keep hope alive and not think that it is the end of the world for them. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “This is the maiden edition, it will be a programme that comes often not once a year because we have a seven-point agenda: distributing food stuffs yearly, organise skills acquisition, empower beneficiaries, provide loans, offer medical screenings, regular organisation of seminars, provide counseling and spiritual assistance where necessary. We look towards going beyond Lagos to touch lives across Nigeria and Africa. “We all have roles to play including churches in ensuring we take care of widows and the less privileged, government cannot do it alone. Churches should ensure they carry out their corporate social responsibility especially to people within their environment,” Emmanuel stated. Preachers On What 2021 Has In Stock Only God Has Final Say Over Nigeria, Says Muoka Nwachukwu, who studied Tourism and Hospitality Management in Yaba College of Technology, said the initiative started in 2015 out of passion to bring joy to humanity. “On my own I have been gifting six yards of ‘ankara’ material and N500 to about 13 widows every December for four years. After the Christmas celebration I also visit them every month to give the little I have as well encourage them. Recently it occurred to me to give more widows gifts and hold a public programme for them, while contemplating the idea, I met my co-founder who encouraged me to go ahead. So I am grateful to God. “My feeling for humanity and the experience of my sister who lost her husband 2016 in a terrible accident around Mowe, Lagos Ibadan expressway influenced me to keep up with this initiative. Another thing is that Christ commands us to show love to one another. “So as humans we have to show feelings to others no matter how difficult it is or the little we can afford. When you put smile on people’s faces you see the joy written over them which gets them out of depression and gives them hope. “I derive joy putting smiles on the faces of people. I hate seeing people in agony. There are people dying not because of sickness but because of depression. So my goal is to reach out to orphans and widows. In the economy of today it is not easy for families where the parents are present not to talk of where it is only the woman that is present and has no husband to help with the financial responsibility. I reach out to the orphanages and physically challenged homes about three to four times in a year. I am praying that God elevates me so I can reach more people.” SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION