With the escalating daily infection rate averaging over a thousand, there have been concerns over the strategies put in place to contain the COVID-19 pandemic that has of recent claimed numerous lives. Many have blamed the government for a policy flip-flop in containing the virus, especially in opening up its international airspace too soon when it lacks the discipline to enforce the safety protocols. ROLAND OGBONNAYA and CHIOMA UMEHA write. There has been genuine and grow­ing concern over the escalating rate of the second wave of the cases of Corona­virus in the country. Concerns arose be­cause of the upward surge in the num­ber of daily infections that is averaging over a thousand and the seeming state of flux by the authorities in the efforts to contain the ravaging virus. Just on Wednesday, the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) confirmed that no fewer than 1,016 new cases of Coronavirus have been recorded, bringing the all-time cases number in the country to 86,576. But out of the 86,576 all-time cases, 73,322 patients have been successfully treated and discharged, while 1,278 others did not survive, leaving Nigeria with 11, 976 active and 11 deaths in 24 hours. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! This has left many asking now what could be responsible for the present ex­ponential increase in infection. As at Wednesday, December 30, the breakdown of the new cases stood as follows, Lagos – 434, FCT – 155, Plateau – 94, Kaduna – 56, Rivers – 56, Oyo – 30, Nasarawa – 27, Zamfara – 25, Abia – 22, Enugu – 18, Kano – 18, Bayelsa – 15, Edo – 14, Ogun – 11, Borno – 10, Ebonyi – 10, Jigawa – 7, Anambra – 4, Delta – 3, Niger – 3 and Osun – 3, making a total of 1, 016 new cases of Coronavirus. Anambra 2021: Former Gov Etiaba’s Son Eyes Obiano’s Seat NGO Tasks Nigerians On Commitment To Contain COVID-19 According to Johns Hopkins Uni­versity, Maryland, (JHU), the United States has been afflicted more than any other nation in terms of total number infected and the number of deaths. The United Kingdom, which has re­ported 2,440,169 all-time cases, have had 72,656 people die from the virus, while only 5, 336 people have been assisted successfully to the point of recovery. This leaves the UK with 2,362,177 Coro­navirus patients hoping for the best to keep living (50,243 new and 981 deaths in 24 hours). Turkey the seventh most hit coun­try, reported 2,194,272 all-time cases. 20,642 deaths have been recorded, while 2,078,629 people have been assisted med­ically and discharged, leaving Turkey with 95,001 active cases of Coronavirus (15,692 new and 254 deaths). During the lockdown some months ago in order to contain the rampaging virus in Nigeria, the daily infection dropped to between 200 and 300. But the number of people who died of COVID-19 in December 2020 doubled compared to the figure in November, amid a second wave of the virus. Critical infec­tions over the novel virus witnessed a spike while Nigerian states continue to take stricter measures to halt the spread of the disease. The Nigerian Cen­tre for Disease Control (NCDC), as of Saturday, December 26 confirmed 74 coronavirus-related deaths, going up from 27 in November, it cited. The NCDC confirmed that following a progressive drop in the number of COVID-19-related deaths reportedfromSeptember to November, the tally of deaths due to the virus regained mo­mentum December, which however is not the highest monthly death rate so far. In June, 305 deaths were confirmed in the country, according to a report. The number of COVID-19 cases detected in the country in the past two weeks, no doubt indicated that a second wave of the outbreak has begun. Boss Mustapha, Secretary to the Govern­ment of the Federation and Chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 stressed that Nigeria is at risk of losing not only the gains from the hard work of the last nine months but also the lives of citizens. “We are in a potentially difficult phase of the COVID-19 resurgence. Ac­cessing the hope offered by the arrival of the vaccine is still some time ahead,” he said. The Minister of Health, Dr Osagie Ehanire had earlier announced that the government would receive 20 million doses of a COVID-19 vaccine by January 2021. More than 76,000 cases of COVID-19 have been diagnosed in Nigeria so far, while 1,201 people have died from the virus. Over 67,000 patients have recov­ered within the period too. According to Dr Osahon Enabulele, President of the Commonwealth Med­ical Association and former President, Nigerian Medical Association (NMA), in some countries for instance, as a result of the second wave, they have again closed their international point of entry to manage the situation they already have on the ground. “Nigeria is in a situation whereby the general population has let down its guard in terms of not believing the existence of the virus at first, and not using the precautionary tools like the facemask. “Generally, we have let down our guard, believing that the COVID-19 was never real and it is just like any other disease. And so guards were let down even when we were not having the ac­tual figures from the government. We were not testing appropriately and the statistics that were being given were not reflecting the true situation in the country. And so that also made govern­ment relax. Also, our seaports, airports and land borders have been open and so many more migrants are coming into our country. “Social distancing is not being ob­served. The government is already looking at their figures believed that the virus was already down and they could now relax most of those mea­sures. So the combination of all these factors has led to where we are now with what looks like the resurgence in the figures,” he said. Africa Centre for Disease Control (CDC’s) John Nkengasong said within the week that, “Clearly, the second wave is here.” According to him, there have been three main trajectories in African countries, which include those that never flattened the curve, or had low case numbers until August when they rose significantly, those that flattened the curve after cases peaked in July, but arenowseeinganotherrise in numbers as well as those countries that have had a sustained decline in cases over time (after an initial rise). “As we speak, we have seen the num­bers increase steadily to a point that I speculate that by January or February, we will be where we were at the peak of this pandemic in July,” he warned. Dr Chika Onwuamah, Chief Re­search Scientistat the Nigerian Institute of Medical Research Centre for Human Virology and Genomics, told Saturday INDEPENDENT that the review of se­quencedatashowed that the discovered strain of the coronavirus was already in Nigeria in June and August 2020 but in September had the least prevalence. Laxity in theuse of preventive measures may be blamed for the exponential in­crease in the virus. Prof Sunday Omilabu, an interna­tionally renowned virologist, Principal Investigator at the Lagos State Biobank and Director, Centre for Human and Zoonotic Virology, College of Medi­cine, University of Lagos said, “We are yet to determine the COVID-19 strains circulating in the wave and noticed in the last couple of weeks. Clinically, it appears more aggressive and more transmissible.” Dr Onwuamah further added that “Government has tried because it’s a difficult decision as both COVID-19 and hunger can kill. The real problem is how well we are all using preventive measures. How often do we wear the masks, observe social distancing and hands washing,” he said. In his submission of Dr Joseph Madu, Clinical Pharmacy Specialist and Chairman Clinical Pharmacists Association of Nigeria (CPAN), he strongly agreed that the upsurge in COVID-19 infections in Nigeria is greatly due to policy somersault, as non-implementation of government policy seems to be a big factor. “For in­stance travelling by rail from Abuja to Kaduna despite the increase in fares from N1300 to N2600 to allow for seat spacing, such is not done. But you find out that the seats are filled and some extra passengers even stand. The same scenario is seen in public commercial transportation,” he said. Dr Madu, who is also the President/ CEO, Cedith Pharmaceuticals and Cedith Clinical Pharmacy explained that the public disposition of non-ex­istence of the COVID-19 is so because the government is yet to apply better results, orientation campaign and awareness measures. This he said is the reason a large chunk of the pop­ulace views COVID-19 situation story as another moneymaking venture by government. “The NCDC publishes only figures and sites, without adequate videos of cases whether from volunteers or pa­tientswiththefacescoveredandnames undisclosed. Again community phar­macieswithlicensedpharmacistsought to be highly integrated into the govern­ment awareness campaigns. This is because most members of the public utilise community pharmacies as their first point of call on health matters. “The government should purchase and make available to licensed commu­nity pharmacies such things as face­masks, hand sanitisers, public educa­tion fliers amongst others for massive distribution to clients and members of the community because both the sick and healthy do visit community phar­macies. Furthermore, the role of reli­gious and community leaders cannot be over-emphasised in creating public awareness, belief and education about the existence of COVID-19 and it’s atten­dant consequences,” Dr Madu stressed. Apart from government’s policy summersaults and the inability by the people to keep the internationally recognised protocols, corrupt officials at health institutions as well as at the entry points have contributed in the in­crease of the infection. Nigerians were recentlyalertedof fakeCOVID-19result certificates being sold in Lagos State. The Government of Lagos State through Prof. Akin Abayomi, the Com­missioner for Health, during the week raised the alarm over fake COVID-19 certificates on sale in the state. He said that the government’s attention has been drawn to the fact that several peo­ple who came into the country were patronising individuals who sell fake COVID-19 result certificates. Dr Madu said that government should pay special attention to pieces of advice from professional healthcare associations, COVID-19thinktankcom­mittees and even women and the media who are the watchdog of the society. Free test at the borders, he added, would make it easier and prevent influencing such results. Clinical community phar­macists should also be utilised for test­ing and referral of suspected cases as it’s done currently in some countries such as the USA and UK. “If there is alleged corruption at the airports, then such should be in­vestigated and the government must show zero tolerance for corruption at the airports in the interest of public health. With corruption, no meaning­ful success can be achieved on the fight against covid-19,” Madu added. As part of the measures to now con­tain the resurgence or the second phase of the pandemic, many Nigerians have called for restriction or placement of ban on some international flights com­ing into the country. But Dr Onwua­mah explained that banning visitors from the UK might not work, as there is evidence the coronavirus strain is already here. “However, if we perfect the testing before travelling and after arrival, we will have no problem with an imported variant. The government will need to initiate enlightenment programs using various media and key community in­fluencers such as traditional rulers. Dr Madu further stated that the Nigerian airspace was not opened too early, but because the sufferings of the masses as a result of the lockdown which was already getting too unbear­able, and the Nigerian economy was almost totally crumbling. Dr Osahon Enabulele stressed that there is need to do a quick review of the policy to tighten up some of the mea­sures that are currently on the ground, apparently in respect to the entry into the country from all the borders, in terms of the land, sea and air. Thebestsolutionto theproblemnow is to obey the safety protocols and not in banning or restricting flights. Presi­dent of the Nigeria Medical Association (NMA), Professor Innocent Ujah, who spoke to Saturday INDEPENDENT, be­rated Nigerians who say that COVID-19 is a ruse because they do not see dead bodies on the streets. He urged Nige­rians to take the restrictions aimed at containing COVID-19 spread seriously. There have also been calls to engage of clinical community pharmacists, as any health care setting that overlooks the role of clinical pharmacists is bound to fail even in the fight against covid-19. Dr Enabulele concluded that what Nigeria is experiencing is a lack of en­forcement of these laiddownmeasures. “And so people do not even think there is any repercussion for not observing some of these measures.” SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION