Yenagoa- A fresh oil spill from the Funiwa oilfield previously operated by Chevron Nigeria Limited but now owned by Conoil Producing Limited has devastated the environment of Koluama Kingdom in the Southern Ijaw Local Government Area of Bayelsa State. In August 2020, the indigenous oil company became the winner of the bid for the 40 per cent equity held by Chevron in Mining Leases 86 and 88 in the Apoi and Funiwa oilfields. The cause of the latest oil leak could not be immediately ascertained but a native of the area, Young Fabby, said the incident happened in the early hours of Saturday, January 16 and had destroyed creeks and rivers. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Some fishermen from the community, including one Tonbra Ebitimi, said they noticed crude oil spewed from the facility floating on the shallow areas of the Atlantic Ocean along the Bayelsa coastline. He said, “Some of us who went on fishing sailed into the oil contaminated area near the Funiwa oilfield and got our nets and fishing gear soaked with crude on Saturday. By today, we noticed some helicopters over-fly the facility. Oro Accounts For 80% Oil Derivatives In A’Ibom- Group Declares 2021: Wike Seeks God’s Face To Govern Rivers “It could be that community leaders have informed the company but our concern is that they should not apply toxic chemicals from the sky to dissolve the oil. Those chemicals used to disperse and breakdown crude is unfriendly to fishes and marine life generally.” He said that several helicopters were seen hovering over the impacted area ostensibly for assessment as response efforts were yet to commence. The Environmental Rights Action/Friends of the Earth Nigeria also reported on Sunday that community people had inundated its Bayelsa State office with phone calls informing it of the oil leak. Head of ERA/FoEN in the state, Alagoa Morris, who visited the site, said: “This Funiwa facility is one of the fields in OML 86 located about six miles (10 kilometers) offshore; the crude oil spewing from the facility into the environment has continued to spread unabated. “If nothing is done, the spill will affect several fishing communities along the Atlantic coastline in Brass, Southern Ijaw, Ekeremor local government areas of Bayelsa and maybe, beyond.” It would be recalled that on January 16, 2012, Chevron’s KS Endeavor rig facility at North Apoi, not far from the Funiwa oilfield, had erupted in gas explosion due to equipment failure. The explosion resulted in a huge fire which burned for over 48 days before it was eventually put out. Morris quoted the acting executive director of ERA/FoEN, Chima Williams, as calling for concerted efforts “to cap the spill and clean up the polluted areas immediately.” “It is important that oil industry regulators swing into action to ensure the right steps and actions are taken by the facility owners or oil industry operator”, he said.