American Presidential elections have come and gone. The winner has been declared though after a protracted and long drawn dispute. President Donald Trump, an incumbent of the Republican party routing for a second term, had the former Vice President, Joe Biden, of Democratic Party to contend with. It must be noted that, two schedules are sacrosanct in American electoral history. First is that its presidential elections are always held in November of the election year. Secondly, the new or re-elected president is always inaugurated on January 20 of the proceeding year. The two schedules have remained unchanged for ages in American History. It has also been a tradition that the defeated candidate concedes defeat once he sees the opponent clocking the mandatory 270 mark of the electoral college votes. But this was altered in the 2020 elections as President Trump refused to accept defeat and congratulate his democratic challenger, Joe Biden, adducing electoral fraud in some of the key states. This position of an incumbent president had pushed the country to a near edge until last week when all judicial issues were concluded in favour of Joe Biden and the formal declaration of the former Vice President Biden as the President elect. Before the elections, President Trump, through his utterances and body language, was seen across the world as one who had gone out of his way to promote divisiveness, racial tension, white supremacy, discrimination, violence, denigration of media, women and minorities and denial of climate change agreement and most recently his attempt at casting aspersion at the integrity of electoral process. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The recently concluded election in American has thrown up many lessons for the wider world to learn; the world that had, hitherto, held America as the policeman of global politics and a defender of democracy. The U.S constitution allows each state to setup its own election laws in compliance with the 1965 Voting Right Act and other relevant federal legislations. This has been the practice in the U.S for decades and the integrity of its process has never been in question. This practice is not obtained in most other countries especially in Africa were central electoral bodies conduct general elections. Despite the pandemic, millions of people were able to vote and more importantly, a lot of people were to vote by mail, so that they would not have to put their health in jeopardy by waiting in long and often cramped queues. South East Governors And Worsening Insecurity In The Region Remembering Leah Sharibu In Captivity The US electoral institutions have proved to be very strong and resilient even in the face of unfounded allegations of voter frauds and voting irregularities. The 2020 elections presented post-election lawsuits across several states and nearly all of them were found to be lacking in merit. These lawsuits were filed by the incumbent President’s campaign team and it was unprecedented in the history of American electoral process. Also, the recent American elections have underscored how sharply divided American society is. The victory of Joe Biden was not a land slide one as President Trump was able to still secure a large voters’ approval. The huge population who voted against President Trump saw him as a racist and a white supremacist who was unfit to preside over an immigrant and a multiracial country like America. On the other hand, those who voted for him saw him as one who upholds and projects core American values. They loved him for his stride in the economy which practically reduced unemployment to an all time low before the pandemic. They also loved him for driving the terrorist groups in the Middle East underground. These were manifest achievements. Another lesson worth taken note of is the strength of the overall American institutions as against the strength of one man however highly placed. The military, the homeland security and the judiciary could not be used against the opponents. They all maintain and uphold their avowed allegiance to their country instead of supporting a President that was manifestly going against his oath of allegiance. This is what is lacking in Africa where leaders who loose elections turn state instruments and institutions against their opponents. It must be noted also that the post election debacle exposed American hypocrisy and questioned her morality for arrogating to herself the position of a global watchdog of democratic values and a policeman of world politics. With what has happened, America will need time to repossess the confidence the larger world had reposed in her. The position of the Vice President, Mike Pence, deserves a special mention. He displayed tremendous courage when he broke ranks with his principal to condemn in strong terms, the invasion of Capitol Hill by Trump supporters. He also presided over the Senate that formally affirmed and recognize Joe Biden as the winner of the November 3, 2020 presidential election and the President elect. This can rarely occur in Africa where the Vice President will rather tag or cliff to his principal rightly or wrongly, so as not to be tagged disloyal. In all, it could be seen that, the enduring American institutions have been able to keep the country going in the face of a recalcitrant President. This is worthy of emulation by African countries and, indeed, Nigeria.