Mouka, Nigeria’s foremost manufacturer of mattresses and other bedding products celebrates families with babies born on New Year’s day, in Lagos, Ogun and Oyo States in furtherance of its commitment of adding value to life. Mouka presented gifts to mothers of the first babies at the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital (LASUTH), Olabisi Onabanjo University Teaching Hospital (OOUTH), Shagamu, in Ogun State, and the University College Hospital (UCH), Ibadan, Oyo State. The gifts comprised of Dreamtime Baby mattress, Mouka baby mat, baby wipes and diapers. Mouka Celebrates First Babies of the Year in Lagos, Ogun, Oyo, with Freebies (Photos) ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! First Lady of the State, Dr Ibijoke Sanwo-Olu, the wife of the Deputy Governor, Mrs Oluremi Hamzat, and other top Government functionaries who were part of the Governor’s wife entourage, made donations to first babies at select hospitals including LASUTH, to mark the New Year celebration. Femi Fapohunda, the Chief Operating Officer, Mouka, while commenting on the initiative said as the owners of sleep in Nigeria, Mouka continues to advocate a healthy sleep culture, especially for children. This is why Mouka donates Dreamtime mattresses specially designed with children in mind, to the first babies of the year. Colgate Unveils New Thematic Campaign To Drive Cavity Awareness A Product And Its Relationship With The Brand (1) The Dreamtime mattress is water-resistant yet breathable to keep the body cool. It is also made with the right density of foam to keep children comfortable while they sleep. Fapohunda pointed out that quality sleep is associated with physical and cognitive development in children which is why it associates itself with the worthy programme of the Lagos First Lady and others in the region, bringing succour to families of first babies. Last year, the socially responsible company also partnered with the Office of the First Lady of Lagos State to celebrate the first babies. Speaking with much joy and smile on his face, the father of the first baby at LASUTH, Oluwapelumi Fagade and his wife Adesola commended Mouka for the valuable gifts. For over 61 years, Mouka has grown to become Nigeria’s preferred brand of mattresses and other bedding products. Mouka has a wide range of quality products such as Wellbeing orthopaedic mattresses, Klinic hospital mattress, Mondeo Plus spring mattress, and an assortment of pillows to help Nigerians sleep well and wake up refreshed.