Governor Seyi Makinde of Oyo State has reassured residents of the state and the security agencies that his administration would continue to do its best to ensure a safe, secure and stable environment. Makinde gave the assurance on Friday, during the commemoration of the 2021 Armed Forces Remembrance Day celebration, held at the Government House Arcade, Agodi Ibadan. He noted that the military was doing its best, despite the fact that the country was in an unusual time. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Our responsibility is to encourage and support them,’’ Makinde said. The governor promised to continue supporting the Nigerian Legion and the families of the fallen heroes in the state. Enugu Extends Yellow Fever Vaccination To 3 LGs, Targets Additional 710,149 Residents COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of March – ACDC, NIMR, Researchers The Chairman of the Nigerian Legion, Oyo State Command, Mr Michael Fajimi, said that the remembrance day is a period to have sober reflection over the gallant fallen heroes. Fajimi said the command was making frantic effort to see that the welfare of ex-service men and dependants of those that had died were well taken care of. He appealed to government to continue rendering assistance to the ex-service men through the legion. The chairman said that government had been trying in this area, but could do more so that life would be better for the veterans and dependants of the fallen heroes. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the governor was joined by the General Commanding Officer, 2nd Div. Nigerian Army, Odogbo – Ibadan, Maj.–Gen. Anthony Omozoje, and heads of other security agencies. Representatives of retired service men and other government functionaries were also present as wreaths were laid in honour and remembrance of the nation’s fallen heroes. Highlights of the occasion were inspection of Guard of Honour and the release of white pigeons, which symbolizes national peace, by Gov. Makinde.