LAGOS – The Chief Executive Officer of Nigeria’s National Primary Health Care Develop­ment Agency, Faisal Shuaib has denied a report making the rounds that the Federal government has done a shar­ing formula of coronavirus vaccines for states in the country. Shuaib, who spoke in an interview on Friday, said the agency has not communicated to any state the number of vac­cines that will be shared with the states. He stated further that there’s been no official com­munication to that effect from his office, neither has any emanated from the fed­eral ministry of health or the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “I am surprised to hear that there is any allocation pattern that has been published from my office. We have not com­municated to any states or any entity whatsoever the quanti­ties of vaccines that would be shared with the states. “If there’s any official com­munication, it will, of course, come from my office or the of­fice of the honourable minis­ter of health or for that matter the Presidential Task Force on COVID-19 that is responsible for the overall coordination of the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria. Former President Jonathan Emerges Africa Peace And Security Leader Of The Year 2020 Nigeria Needs Thorough Breed Leader To Move Forward – Olagoke “There’s no official commu­nication around what quanti­ties of vaccines will go to any state. Maybe what people are talking about are some of the conversations around the po­tential prioritisation of the Nigerian populace. “We’ve spoken about the fact that we’ll be prioritising the health workers, the elderly, those with co-morbidities and that we’ll be covering up to sev­enty per cent of the populace. “In doing all of that, we have to consider the epide­miology of the virus and we are aware of the hotspot local government areas, we are also aware of the data around the health workers, so if you are going to prioritise the health workers that has to be part of the discussion. “So, I believe that it is very possible that the agency is being quoted out of context. There is no official communi­cation from the agency on the vaccines. “These 100,000 doses are actually a drop in the ocean compared to what we need, we are looking to vaccinate up to 150 million Nigerians, 100,000 doses of vaccines is not any­where close to what we need,” he added.