Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, on Tuesday, donated the sum of N5 million to the Armed Forces Remembrance Appeal Fund, toward boosting the welfare of ex-servicemen. Sanwo-Olu made the donation during the launch of the emblem for the 2021 Armed Forces Remembrance Day and Appeal Fund, held at the Lagos House, Marina. He said that all sacrifices made by members of the Nigerian Armed Forces in keeping the nation united would continue to be recognised and honoured by the state government. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The governor said that the state would always identify with the heroics and gallantry of servicemen who gave their all to the service of the country. He said that the state government would not relent in supporting family members of ex-service personnel who died fighting for Nigeria’s unity. University Of Ibadan Clears Obaseki Of Certificate Forgery Allegation Foreigners Without COVID-19 Certificate To Forfeit Visas -Immigration Sanwo-Olu, who is the patron of the Legion, said that the state government would be supporting the Legion to assist in the welfare of ex-service personnel that became physically challenged in line of duty. He also pledged assistance to Lagos-based relatives of soldiers who died in active service. “As a government, we will continue to modestly support the welfare of our heroes and identify with your cause. “We will continue to ensure that we bring succour and relief to the gallant officers that have served this country at one point in time or the other. “The ex-servicemen who have now grown to become old soldiers have served the country at their prime. The least we can do as a state is to continue to celebrate these brave men and women who made sacrifices for our country’s unity. “Through the Legion, we will assist in the welfare of those living with disabilities, while ensuring the families of fallen heroes are not forgotten. This is the reason the state generously donate to the Appeal Fund,” Sanwo-Olu said. The governor promised to strengthen its engagement with the Legion and improve their operational efficiency, by donating more patrol vehicles and provide logistical support to ex-servicemen. He said the state would augment budgetary allocation to the Legion. The Commissioner for Home Affairs, Prince Anofiu Elegushi, said that the launching was one of the important pre-event activities lined up for the marking of the Armed Forces Remembrance Day. Elegushi said there would be a special Jumu’ah service on Jan. 8 at the Secretariat Central Mosque and an interdenominational church service on Jan. 10 at Chapel of Christ the Light in Alausa to commemorate the day. The Deputy Commandant General of the Nigerian Legion in Lagos, Col. Fola Akande, said that the launch of the Appeal Fund by the governor would put smiles on the faces of over 2,000 beneficiaries of the Legion’s yearly empowerment programmes. Akande, who is also the Lagos State Chapter Chairman of the Nigerian Legion, said the Legion usually reached out to widows of ex-servicemen, disabled soldiers and orphans. The event was jointly organised by the Ministry of Home Affairs and the State Chapter of Nigerian Legion. The main event for the annual Armed Forces Remembrance holds on Jan. 15, with military and paramilitary parades to commemorate the gallantry of servicemen and ex-personnel. (NAN)