Governorship aspirant, Mr. Valentine Chineto Ozigbo has said that given the lack luster performance and the mountain of debts Governor Willie Obiano accumulated for the state in the last seven years it will be disastrous for the state to allow him chose a successor who will step in his shoes. Ozigbo who was former Managing Director of TRANSCORP, Abuja and a governorship aspirant on the platform of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) said this yesterday during an interactive session with journalists in Awka. According to him a governor Anambra needs now is not just one who has the competence and experience but visionary and transformational who can change the status quo. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He has to get capacity and emotional intelligence that can drive people to be a whole that is more than a part. Ozigbo said he is head and shoulders above his peers having been a business developer, an entrepreneur who has managed hospitality industry, power, oil and gas, Agro-business and has also managed religious organizations and community projects. 4 In Court Over Alleged Assault On Police Officer APC Primary: Chairman Hails Court Over Akeredolu’s Victory Above all, he said, he had led modern organizations, led a private company to PLC, managed shareholders of 300 people and paid 2000 workers. Ozigbo said he was in politics not for fame but that he felt uncomfortable with the status quo and felt Anambra people deserved better. He added: “We have to change our story for good. We have to set a big stabdard in governance. “I want professionals to get into politics and change the bad name that is usually associated with politicians and politics, so that things can be done right because we can actually show a good example, not that some people have not done right in politics but there can be other ways of doing things. He said he has “the capacity to bring the kind of change we are yearning for and with God on our side, we can be the answer to prayers of our suffering masses”. He said the first step in governance is the cut waste and prioritize projects and know those that yield dividends. He said that Anambra is very fragile presently and that going by the debt profile he put at 1600 percent the state is almost bankrupt.