…Demands Tertiary Institutions Exclusion From IPPIS Ibadan- The Polytechnic workers, under the aegis of Senior Staff Association of Nigerian Polytechnic SSANIP have on Thursday through a peaceful protest expressed displeasure over what they described as anomalies and neglect in the running of polytechnic education in the country. The workers who gathered at the entrance gate of The Polytechnic, Ibadan in a protest particularly kicked against the Integrated Payroll and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), governing council for Polytechnic, no work scheme, salary arrears and constitution of a Commission to manage the affairs of Polytechnic in the country, just like the National University Commission (NUC) is doing for the universities. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Particularly, the workers who said the inconsistencies with the IPPIS is a reflection of the overwhelming nature of the job on the operatives noted that tertiary institution workers should be excused from the scheme. Carrying placards, the protesting workers sang various solidarity songs expressing their displeasure with the manner with which government is handling polytechnic education in the country. SSANU, NASU May Begin Indefinite Strike January 21 COVID-19: FG Settles For January 18 As Schools Resumption Date Inscription on some of the placards read, “NBTE should live up to her responsibilities”, “Don’t kill Polytechnic education”, “Our promotion arrears are our rights”, “Polytechnic education is the cursor to the industrialization of any nation” and “We are equal stakeholders, our input is needed in the proposed new scheme of service”. Others read “The law that established polytechnic makes room for Governing Council”, “Health workers deserve their accruable allowances”, “Don’t fritter away our entitlements. Remit all parties pension contributions”, “We demand a White Paper on needs assessment” and “No going back on the re-negotiation of our 2009 agreements.” More reads “Your IPPS is not relevant to tertiary education system”, “The incongruity in the operation of IPPIS only reveals lack of capacity”, “We demand immediate re-constitution of Governing Council of Polytechnics” and “Polytechnics need Commission, NBTE is grossly inadequate.” The union leaders in their separate remarks said the issue of IPPIS alone is enough to make any reasonable union to go on strike, urging the government to set up a regulatory agency solely for polytechnic administration, away from what the NBTE is doing. National Vice President, SSANIP and Coordinator Zone F (Southwest), Comrade Bankole Ayodeji said “We are telling the whole world today that we are not happy with the government. We are telling the whole world today that the government of Nigeria don’t have flair for education because their children are not in the country. “Our political elite don’t want Nigeria education to even exist. We have many issues and we are asking the government on the renegotiation of our 2009 agreement that, the same committee be set up with immediate effect. “We need the White Paper for the Needs Assessement, we have been calling for the revitalisation of Polytechnic sector in the country and nothing seems to be happening to it. We are asking government to constitute governing boards for Polytechnic and we haven’t heard anything about it. Also, the Southwest Secretary of the Association, Comrade Sunday Akomolafe said the Association has been on a warning strike to press home their demand. “We have been on warning strike for 13 days. And up till now we have communicated our grievances to the Federal government. We have been on this for the past six months and we have not gotten any response from the government and that is why we are bringing the struggle to the zones before it gets to the federal level. “We have several issues affecting polytechnic education in Nigeria. The first that is biting us right now is the inefficiencies and inadequacies that characterizes Integrated Payroll and Personnel Information System (IPPIS), the system used by the FG in paying workers. “That system is fret with a lot of fraud, inadequacies and inconsistencies. It is a total and complete scam. We have been trying to be patient with the FG on this, but we have discovered that each month come with a fresh problem. “One of the issues is that, when IPPIS started, every members of staff in Federal Polytechnics were captured into National Housing Scheme (NHS) and certain amount of money is deducted from our salaries every month and up till now we don’t have an account, we don’t know what is been deducted from monies and nobody gets any alert from that. “Since IPPIS started, the pension deducted from our salaries we don’t know where is it. Our PFAs who usually alert us before IPPIS have stopped doing so because they have not been getting it. For almost 14 months now, we have not what has peened to that money. And we should be able to ask the Federal Government on our deductions. “The IPPIS alone is enough to make any reasonable union to go on strike. As it is, we don’t even know how much we earn because the figure changes every month which is the inconsistency we are talking about with the IPPIS. IPPIS is overwhelmed and I think tertiary institutions should be excused from IPPIS.”