Last week, the revered Catholic Bishop of Sokoto Diocese, Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah, became the object of attack by all manner of persons who insist that we must consistently praise to high heavens the actions of the Federal Government irrespective of whether those actions are right or not. I am completely at a loss how a bunch of people believes everybody must chorus the sainthood of President Muhammadu Buhari and his government or be regarded as enemies of the nation. For these government apologists, everybody must be insulted, harassed and threatened for raising any voice of dissent. There is no respect for anybody. How can we build the nation of our dreams by praise-singing and hero-worshipping any government in power? We are in danger of losing our voices as the National Assembly, which should be the voice of the people, either never had a voice or lost it soon after being inaugurated. So, any attempt by anybody to speak truth to power is viewed by these shameless hypocrites as sabotage against the nation. Bishop Kukah attracted the ire of some phony group and inconsequential associations for saying what he has always said and for which he has been hailed in the past by the same people trying to vilify him now when during his Christmas Day homily, he accused President Buhari of nepotism and incompetence. The respected cleric also claimed that there could have been a coup or war in the country if a non-northern Muslim becomes a president and does a fraction of what President Buhari has done. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The cleric said under Buhari’s government, Nigeria appeared to be heading for darkness with the citizens travelling in a rudderless ship without any destination in sight. He also accused the president of institutionalising northern hegemony by “reducing others in public life to second-class status.” He also said the North has not been spared by the socio-economic and political woes that have enveloped the nation, as the region has been the worse for it. To Be At Your Best In 2021 Plateau United And Club Licensing Farce The cleric among others also criticised the handling of the deplorable security situation and economic woes in Nigeria saying: “Ours has become a house of horror, with fear stalking our homes, highways, cities, hamlets and entire communities.” The most preposterous of criticisms was that of one Ishaq Akintola, the Director-General of the Muslim Rights Concern (MURIC), who alleged that Kukah’s Christmas message, was calling for a coup against a democratically-elected government. He also asked Bishop Kukah to immediately step down from the Abdusalami Abubakar-led National Peace Committee, wondering how “a belligerent combatant” emerged as the secretary to the peace committee. In his vituperation which is a classical treatise straight from the mill of hypocrisy, sycophancy and boot-licking he said, “How did such a belligerent combatant emerge as the secretary of Nigeria’s Peace Committee? What good can come from a man who is filled with hate and bias for a large section of the country? He calls for a coup against a democratically-elected government. He stigmatised Islam as a violent religion. He derides the North. We demand that Kukah should honourably recuse himself from the Peace Committee. Failure to do so will have a devastating effect of discrediting that committee. It will mean that the committee was set up in the first place for a partisan purpose.” What servitude and insolence! This fellow is clearly seeking relevance and recognition. How can the call for President Buhari to reflect federal character in his appointment and the call for the president to check the rising case of insecurity across the country amount to deriding the north? Who are the people mostly killed by insurgents, bandits in the north? Who are the ones deprived and denied of their means of livelihood in the north? How has the worsening case of insecurity in the north benefited those from the region? If Akintola is not mischievous, is he happy with the spate of killings, kidnappings and general insecurity in the land? Can he be more northerner than Kukah who is from Kaduna and whose people are killed daily by killer Fulani herders? Can Akintola travel the Abuja-Kaduna road or visit Koshebe in Borno State? A week ago in Owerri, Sunday night to be precise, armed men kidnapped the Auxiliary Bishop of Owerri Diocese, Moses Chikwe, and his driver. Military insurrection shall never happen again in this country, because the military themselves have never been any better than our misfiring politicians, the only difference being that under the civilian regime, there are more people sharing the national booty as opposed to the military. But sincerely, may be Akintola should be told to ask the president if coup d’état is alien to him. May be he should also ask the president if using inciting statements are strange to him or if he is innocent of them? Under President Goodluck Jonathan, President Umaru Yar’Adua or President Olusegun Obasanjo before them, there were indeed cases of insecurity and banditry. Under Jonathan Boko Haram ravaged the north, these are incontrovertible facts, but any sincere or objective observer cannot claim that things are any better now. Indeed, the nation is by far more insecure now than ever before. President Buhari’s appointments have not only tilted in favour of the north, but he has consistently replaced southern appointees with northerners. How do you run a pluralistic and multi-religious society as this without the slightest consideration of the feelings of those who are clearly disadvantaged? I personally do not care if all political office holders are from one part of the country, so long as they deliver on their assignments and the nation is better for it. Ultimately, the cries of marginalisation are only a common refrain of politicians who are out of favour. Of what use is it to have an Igbo or Fulani president while the entire nation suffers? Are the indigenes of the state where the president hails immune to the hunger in the land? But if the constitution demands that all be represented in political appointments then it becomes a constitutional matter for any president to abide by or risk getting the barrage of criticisms that Buhari has received from all who mean well for the country. President Buhari has received similar knocks even in the north that our hypocritical MURIC leader is pretending to love more than the northerners themselves. If anything, the likes of Akintola are the real enemies of the nation. Buhari may not have created the mountainous or humongous challenges facing us but he has done little to address them. He has made appointments that only served in compounding his travails and has done nothing in replacing such appointees even where they have clearly failed to deliver. Who sticks to a losing tactics and expect a positive outcome? What is wrong in rejigging a cabinet for greater efficiency? We all can’t be hypocrites. Sometime in February 2020 after the killing of about 30 civilians in Auno, Borno State, by Boko Haram insurgents. Some Nigerians had directed their condemnation at the Federal Government (FG) and the Nigerian military. But all MURIC under Prof. Akintola could proffer was, “Wailers are not looking at the terrible state of insecurity before this administration came on board. There is an urgent need to be retrospective.” If all we can do after six years of President Buhari’s administration is to be consistently fixated about the past, then there is no justification to expect anything new from this government after eight years. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION