Dear Oyin, I don’t know why men are heartless and wicked. They are a mouse that bite the leg and still blow breeze on the wound they are causing. My boyfriend and I broke up two months ago. I found out he had another person and though it hurts I decided to let go but the issue at hand now is that he refuses to let go. We live on the same street, so he has access to me anytime. At first I avoided him like a plague but he knew all my weakness and continued to pester me till I gave in to him. When I say give in, mind you I am not having an affair with him which is what he still wants from me. This is someone who knows, I know he has someone special in his life. Besides, I have told myself I would never be any man’s side chick. If I am not his main woman then it is best he forgets me. I have told him times without number whenever he asks me for sex. So please, how do I stop him from pestering me. I have done all that a woman would do which includes insulting him but he refuses to let go. How long would he continue to embarrass me on the streets whenever he sees me? This is not my problem. The main problem is that whenever I see him, I am always uncomfortable. I wish I never had anything to do with him; that is why I am begging you to help me. Many people don’t understand and they say ‘if she wants him to leave he would leave’ but that is not the case here, as I have tried my best to get rid of him. One of my friends advised me to eat his money but I feel if I do that then I am encouraging him. What do you feel? Do you think he would let go after spending his money while I don’t offer him sex? ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Kemi, Lagos Dear Kemi, Fayose Dedicates New Year To Giving Wande Coal Expresses Frustration Over Being Misunderstood I won’t advise you to listen to your friend but I will advise you to continue to try to avoid him at all cost. Someone like him has nothing to lose because he already has someone he intends to be with. As for him embarrassing you, please ignore him. He is just trying to get your attention and if you have given to him like you said, make sure he knows your stand. Men like him feel women can’t live without them. In their heads, they feel special. As for hurting, it means you haven’t gotten over him totally. Try to let go of the hurt, though I understand it’s not easy but you just have to try. Look for something to distract you for the time being until you are strong enough to let go of the pain. This is one of the reasons you have to avoid him at all cost. Don’t let him get to you.