The Bayelsa government on Friday said that the current administration did not participate in the 2020 budget transparency assessment by the federal government, and therefore dismissed reports that the state failed to meet set criteria. Mr. Ayiba Duba, Commissioner for Information, Orientation and Strategy in Bayelsa told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Yenagoa that the current administration in the state only came into office on February 14, 2020. He explained that the state was in transition mode as at January 2020 when the assessment was conducted and could not have participated when its 2020 budget was passed in March 2020, after the assessment had been concluded. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Governor Douye Diri was sworn in on February 14, a day after the Supreme Court sacked the erstwhile governor-elect of Bayelsa, David Lyon, and his deputy, Biobarakuma Degi-Eremieoyo. Lyon’s election was nullified because his deputy submitted forged certificates to the Independent National Electoral Commission. Over 8,000 Passengers Access e-Ticketing On Abuja-Kaduna Rail Line Gov. Fayemi Appoints Perm Sec As Judge Of Ekiti High Court Duba, who described media reports that Bayelsa did not meet the eligibility criteria for the funds as erroneous, noted that Bayelsa government gives priority to transparency and accountability in the management of public funds. “The report that Bayelsa State did not benefit from the N123.34 billion recently disbursed to thirty-two states under the Federal Governments States Fiscal Transparency Accountability and Sustainability (SFTAS) Programme for Result because the state did not meet the eligibility criteria is inaccurate and misleading. “The claim could not have been the truth because Bayelsa did not participate in the selection process. “It is an open secret that Bayelsa was in transition for the larger part of 2019. “The administration assumed office in February, 2020 and the budget was not passed until March long after the SFTAS condition for benefiting in the funds had expired. “It is therefore impossible to have published the budget online in January.