ADO-EKITI – Twenty-four families are currently having issues with the Judicial Commission of Inquiry on Land and Related Matters over alleged encroachment on land belonging to Ekiti State University (EKSU). The Chairman of the commission, Justice Adekunle Adeleye, had ordered  encroachers to vacate the place before their properties will be pull down. Governor Kayode Fayemi had set up the Commission in response to the growing concerns of the Government of Ekiti State about the increasing cases of land grabbing and other fraudulent land transactions in the state and the resolve of Government to curb immediately such unlawful activities. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! This, according to Fayemi, was in furtherance of Ekiti State Property Protection (Anti-Land Grabbing ) Law 2019 which prohibits forcible entry, illegal occupation of landed properties, violent and fraudulent conduct in relation to landed properties in Ekiti State The panel also mandated to achieve the implementation of Executive Order No. 008 of 2020 on the Establishment and Implementation of the Ekiti State Land Administration and Management Project. Disregard Propaganda Against COVID-19 Vaccines – NIMR Tells Nigerians Moroccan King Pardons 756 Prisoners The panel also ordered interface with the Special Adviser to Governor Kayode Fayemi on Lands, Mrs Funke Falodun, for encroaching on Government acquired land in the state capital. Adeleye, while attending to some of the families present at the sitting on Monday, advised them “to quit the encroached area particularly EKSU land before the state government takes a decisive action such as demolition of illegal structures”. He said that the commission discovered that some members of the public bought plots of land on government land behind Model Estate without proper documentation with the Ministry Lands and Urban Development. Falodun, while explaining why she ordered stoppage of a demolition recently, said, “There were too much outcry due to malice and irregularities that marred the exercise in that one of the demolition officials was discovered to have bought one of the land by proxy. The governor’s aide said, “Record shows that racketeering of land took place in the Ministry of Lands and Urban development between 2015 and 2017”. One of the demolition officials had earlier told the Commission that Falodun called them to stop the demolition exercise sometimes ago.