Otunba Henry Oladele Ajomale is the immediate past Chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Lagos State Chapter. In this interview with TEMIDAYO AKINSUYI, he shares his thoughts on the developments in the polity, restructuring and the alleged gang-up against Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, the party’s National Leader. Excerpts: What is your take on the nationwide registration of new members into the APC? Do you think those who mooted the idea have a sinister agenda? I don’t have any problem with the nationwide registration. It will give new people who are just joining the opportunity of becoming members of the party. I also believe that periodically, it is good to update the register and the record of the party. Between when the last one was done and now, some people have attained the age of maturity to vote and register as party members. they should be given the opportunity to do so. In fact, even the last nationwide registration was not properly done because we know that some were excluded and some people cannot even find their names in the register. I want all the lapses to be corrected in the current one. So, I think the registration of new members nationwide is a right step in the right direction. My only concern is that, up till now, we don’t even know the system they want to use in the registration. These are crucial information that the APC leadership need to communicate to party members. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! On the dissolution of the ward, local, state executive of APC, some members of the party are aggrieved that it shouldn’t have been a blanket dissolution, that it shouldn’t have applied to states with no crisis like Lagos. Do you agree with that? Once it is a national decision, I don’t think any state should be exempted or given special preference. To me, there is no problem in Lagos state chapter of APC but if we say that Lagos should be exempted, some other states too will claim that there is no problem in their states. So, we know that in some states apart from Lagos, there other states where there are no problems, either in terms of litigation or problems within the executive or leadership of the party. So, it is true that some APC-controlled states are crisis-free. But like I said, once the decision is taken at the national level, there is nothing anybody can do about it. We just have to comply as loyal party members. APC Clears Kano State LG Poll Governors Thwarting Efforts At Restructuring -Okechukwu, VON DG Ahead of the 2023 general election, do you think there is an attempt to stop Asiwaju Bola Tinubu from contesting? Of course, there are attempts being made by some people in APC to stop Asiwaju’s presidential ambition. That is obvious. Because a lot of things are going on in the party which makes one to believe that there is a serious attempt in ensuring that the man doesn’t contest for the presidency of this country. They are seriously ganging up against him but why they are doing that, nobody knows. Because every Nigerian has the right to contest for any position in this country inasmuch as he is qualified to do so. I believe that Asiwaju is one of the leaders in the party and a leader in this country that cannot be denied of any opportunity of contesting for any position in this country. So, to me, I know that there are so many gang-ups within the party from people who are afraid of Bola Tinubu. Maybe they are doing that because of their own ambition. But there is nobody that should be deprived of contesting for any position in this country. There has also been controversy over the issue of zoning in APC. Some members are talking about an unwritten gentleman’s agreement between the North and South. Are you privy to that agreement? I was part of the meeting where that agreement was reached, and it will do our party a lot of good if we can keep to the terms of that agreement as anything contrary may portend doom for APC. The general expectation is that after President Muhammadu Buhari must have completed his tenure in 2023,then power should rotate to the South. It is a gentleman’s unwritten agreement, and we should be honourable by keeping to that agreement. If we do anything contrary, it will do APC a lot of incalculable damage.We in the South will not fold our hands if any group or individual attempts to derail this arrangement. We know what the South did, especially the Southwest to ensure that Buhari emerged as the president in 2015. Before then he had contested and lost on more than two occasions. It was when he entered into an alliance with the Southwest leaders that it became possible for him to win the presidency. So it will be unfair to deny the South presidency in 2023. The second wave of COVID-19 appears deadlier than the first. What do you think the government can do to reduce the number of infections? We need more of sensitisation especially at the grassroots. The local government chairmen should be involved in the fight against the pandemic. They should get vehicles with loudspeakers and sensitise the people in local languages. They should go to the grassroots and sensitise the people in Yoruba, Hausa, Igbo and all other local languages. They should continue to announce the guidelines everyday, emphasizing government’s expectation from the people. They should let them understand that the pandemic is real. America, Britain, France, Spain and other developed countries have lost millions of citizens to COVID-19 . We just hope there would be no astronomic increase in the figure here. We hope that government would rise up to the challenges. How best do you think government at all levels can make lives better for Nigerians? They should make promises and try to fulfill them. The people are not asking for too much. What they want is a leader who will empathise with them and cater for their basic needs. I think that this is something the government should provide. All over the world, electricity is the most important thing to the people because even those in the small scale industry like barbers, tailors and so on depends on electricity to work so as to generate their daily needs. Nigerians are not asking for too much. If they can get somewhere to go and work so as to get something to feed their family, they are okay with that. Electricity can only be provided by the federal government. There is little the state governments can do and that is why it should be decentralised. If they decentralise it today, within one year, we will see some states that will be having interrupted power supply. But since the federal government is still keeping it to themselves, that is why we are here we are today. Talking about decentralisation, are you saying the current government should take steps towards restructuring the country? Of course! It is very important. I am happy that the President is talking about True Federalism. Let the federal government decongest itself by leaving certain things for the states. The Federal Government can be in charge of the military but they should allow state governments to have state police where the governor will be able to exercise authority. Today, Commissioners of Police receive instructions from Abuja and yet, they are referring to governors as Chief Security Officers. What is he securing? So, they should decentralise the police and give governors the freedom to equip them and exercise control over them in the interest of the state.