Donatus Obialor is the Chairman of the College of Fellows, Nigerian Institute of Town Planners, past president, Nigerian Institute of Town Planners, and a retired Chief Planning Officer of the Federal Civil Service. He had a chat with NKASIOBI OLUIKPE on some pressing national issues relating to town planning. Excerpts: Sir, you are 86 years old now, how would you compare town planning between your active years of service and now, what has changed, or is it still what it was then? It cannot remain the same, no. The time we were there, we were able to separate raw politics from town planning and urban development. Government functionaries then wanted the urban centres to be developed. This fostered some kind of cooperation. But now the story has changed. You have to be knowledgeable and courageous, if you lack any of these things, then you cannot make your point. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! We would like you to shed more light on the issue of politics in town planning? Take for instance, if you say, you want to build a road from here to there, and everybody knows that that road will be important, they will agree to your idea of building it. But today, if you come up with the idea, politicians will insist that the road construction must be within their own constituency, which is the only way they will authorise it to happen. Some senators or reps members will even tell you that they are the ones to decide on the road construction; meanwhile, they know nothing about urban development. Today, they will even insist on who executes the contract, telling you it must be my brother, my friend or acquaintance, that’s when you begin to see conflicts and rivalry and you see a situation where the law is bent to either accommodate the chief executive or any other big functionary. In those days, there were no interference by politicians. Government Should Develop Rental Housing Scheme –Adebayo Use Housing Corporations –Onukwugha How do you think this situation can be corrected? It can only be corrected if the people saddled with the responsibilities are knowledgeable, have the vision on what to do as well as be courageous to confront the politicians and insist on laid down plans. Finally, they should be fair and not corrupt as to attempting to bend the rules and regulations. But you must also know how to work within a political framework. One of the courses we took in town planning is government. It gives you an insight on how politics operates and how politicians behave. You retired as a chief town planner in Imo State, how were you able to utilise that position to positively impact the state? I was in East Central State and already an Assistant Director at Enugu before the creation of Imo State. As at the time I was posted to Owerri, I was already a Director. That was before I joined the World Bank Assisted Urban Development project. I did a lot of manpower developments in order to get some people to help in the execution of the project then. There was this slogan while you were in Owerri as Chief Town Planner, that ‘the fear of Obialor was the beginning of wisdom’. What do you think informed that slogan? I don’t know about that. That is related to God, not to Obialor. They know I will not take and I will not give. But for me, the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. You know, you hear people asking, where were you when they were constructing the building, and I tell them, I was sleeping. Does that justify the act? What is bad is bad. What is wrongly built, whether in the middle of the night, or at noon when everybody is watching you, remains wrong. If you go to a place like Aba, you can still see traces of this grid iron pattern of town planning practice. But why is it not still followed? That pattern works only on flat grounds or surfaces. Where you have rivers, gullies and hills, you cannot apply it there. That is why it is not often used. The Aba you mentioned is a flat land. In addition to other responsibilities, the College of Fellows of the Nigerian Institute of Town Planners (NITP), which you chair, is said to be the conscience of the institute, how is it living up to its responsibilities? The elders of the institute are the fellows. They are very knowledgeable in all areas of town planning and take it upon themselves to advice the institute on the right directions to go as well as nurture the younger ones. They are really trying in doing that. I became the chairman in October, last year. For the first time, we are trying to have a bye-law to regulate our activities. It will make our job of advising the council and leadership of the institute stronger and more effective. Physical planning appears not to be fully accepted by majority of the masses. What is responsible? Town planning is not something you say it’s my right to build my house anywhere that pleases me on my land. I can build it where I want because it is my land. Town planning says, no, you can’t. You can’t go and set up an industry on a particular piece of land just because it is your land. There are laws which you must follow and you need the permit to go ahead with whatever construction. Otherwise, anybody can build anything he likes in which case, town planning will come to you and tell you what you did wrong and what has to be done. But if everybody keep doing it their own way, on whose land will the government now put the roads; on whose land would the schools and hospitals be erected; how about the open spaces and recreation centres. People usually ask why they must obtain permission to build on their ancestral lands. These and many more make people not to want to reckon with it. Town planning is not accepted by people because they feel it infringes on their rights. But the supposedly infringement on their rights is backed by the law. But is it not possible to make people to come to terms with town planning laws? Which student comes to terms with examination? Why do you think that 28 years after the enactment of the NITP Act, some states are still having problems domesticating the Act? Well the law was enacted by the military. But after it was enacted, some states contested it up to the Supreme Court because they were saying that according to the Constitution, urban and regional planning is not a federal matter. That was the bone of contention. Even in Imo State, it has not been domesticated. It’s part of the politics we were talking about previously. Before the current administration, the Imo State chapter prepared a draft of the law and submitted it to the state government for domestication for our use here, but no response yet. In fact, we have prepared and submitted it to three successive governors in this state without response. That same Act provided for preparation of a plan for the entire country. Why then are our towns and some states being unplanned? Have you heard about economic development plan, Nigeria had one. Experts all over the world in economics, in urban development and physical development, all recommended that there must be a physical development plan for the country. It is essential that when you are making economic development plans, you make provisions for physical development plans. From physical development, you can get urban development, rural development as well as regional. The Federal Government has not taken it as a policy to do it. If they have a policy for it to be done, it will be done. What would you want to be most remembered for? I would want to be remembered as a town planner who partook in the urban development of so many places including supervision of the implementation of the Abuja Master Plan.