The All Progressives Congress (APC), Oyo State Chapter,  has congratulated the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba Lamidi Adeyemi on his 50th coronation anniversary. This is contained in a statement signed by Dr AbdulAzeez Olatunde, the party’s interim Publicity Secretary, and made available to the newsmen on Thursday in Ibadan. The party said that the Alaafin’s reign had been momentous in the last 50 years, describing him as a blessing to Yoruba race. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “To start with, a visit to His Imperial Majesty, Oba Dr Lamidi Olayiwola’s library is a worthy cultural experience, because Kabiyesi Alaafin himself reads. “And if one was lucky to meet Kabiyesi Alaafin in his best mood, one will never wish him to stop, when listening to his cultural renditions,” it said. COVID-19 Pandemic Opportunity To Upgrade Nigeria’s Public Health Infrastructure Osinbajo Seyi Makinde Urges Nigerian Youths To Emulate Oyekola’s Feat In Winning World Title The APC said that Alaafin was undoubtedly a blessing to Yoruba race, which could  best be attested to during recent Oramiyan and Sango cultural festivities. “These cultural festivities were witnessed by diaspora Yorubas of Cuba, Brazil, Bahamas and even nearby Dahomey as well as Sabe in jubilant mood for being reintegrated with their biological descendants,” the party said. It appreciated Alaafin’s unparalleled support and contribution to the success of the late Abiola Ajimobi’s eight years administration in Oyo State. The APC in the state wished the traditional ruler more successes, long healthy life on the throne and meritorous service to Yoruba race. Also, Mr Joseph Tegbe, an APC chieftain in the state has described the Alaafin as an encyclopedia of Yoruba culture and traditions. Tegbe in a statement he personally signed, said the Alaafin had displayed uncommon wisdom and emotional intelligence in administering his domain. “I felicitate with His Imperial Majesty, Oba Lamidi Olayiwola Adeyemi III on the 50th Anniversary of his ascension to the throne. “Our Father has used his throne to build bridges of friendship and harmony in the state, across Yoruba Land and beyond. “I remain proud of his progressive ideals, particularly the legacy of peace and harmony which Yorubas are known for. “I pray that Kabiyesi spends many more years in good health,” he said.