The Trophy Honourable To’ Gba’yi Promo which kicked off a couple of weeks ago has recorded four more millionaires after 29-year photographer, Oluwatobi John emerged the first N1 million winner of the campaign. Olashinle Adeleke, a Lagos resident, Ijebu Ode based Abdul Okunade as well as Chidozie Anyanwu and Endurance Ukanwa, both residents of Abuja have emerged the next set of millionaires in the Trophy campaign. Sharing their excitement at the respective cheque presentation ceremonies organised by Trophy, the winners expressed their delight at their luck. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Adeleke, a bus driver revealed that he was skeptical at first, however, his skepticism gave way to excitement when he realised his entry had earned him a million naira. Other winners, 40-year-old ICT Expert, Chidozie Anyanwu and 32-year-old Endurance Ukanwa who runs a youth empowerment organisation also expressed the elation they felt when they got a call from Trophy Ambassador and Nigerian Football Legend, Joseph Yobo who broke the good news to them. Verve Good Life Promo: Two Card-Holders With N1m Each Agboola Is MTN Mpulse Hackathon Champion Bamise Oyegbami, Marketing Manager, Trophy,revealed that five more millionaires are still expected from the promo. “We have the reached the half-way mark in the emergence of the Trophy campaign winners and we are thrilled that so far, we have been able to fulfil our promise of rewarding our loyal customers and putting a smile on their face. People from different walks of life are participating and winning in the campaign and we hope to do more as we look forward to welcoming more people into the millionaire club,” he said. Consumers of Trophy, a premium lager beer from International Breweries Plc still stand a chance to win any of the prizes on offer when they reveal the promo code under the Trophy crown and dial *8011*Promo Code#. Winners will emerge via weekly draws and go home with cash prizes of N5,000 and N10,000, while lucky winners of N1,000,000 will be announced following nationally televised weekly draws.