Daystar Power, provider of hybrid solar power solutions to businesses in West Africa, has announced a Series B investment of $38 million. The company said it will grow its operations in its key markets of Nigeria and Ghana, while deepening its presence in other regional countries such as Côte d’Ivoire, Senegal and Togo with the funds raised. Besides, the company will expand its installed capacity to over 100 megawatts – enabling it to meet demand from its clients in the financial services, manufacturing, agricultural and natural resources sectors. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Taking into account the previous round by Verod Capital and Persistent Energy, Daystar Power has received equity investments totalling $48 million. The funding is led by the Investment Fund for Developing Countries (IFU), the Danish development finance institution (DFI). DisCos Carpet TCN On Low Energy Generation, Wheeling TCN Records Peak Generation, Transmission Of 5,552.80mw IFU is joined by new investors STOA, a French impact infrastructure fund, Proparco, the French DFI, backed by a guarantee from the European Union under the African Renewable Energy Scale-Up facility (ARE Scale-Up); and Morgan Stanley Investment Management. The CEO and Co-founder of Daystar Power, Jasper Graf von Hardenberg, said “By offering our commercial and industrial clients cheaper, reliable and cleaner power, we have seen a more than 50-fold increase in power-as-a-service revenue over the last two years. African businesses are realizing that solar power stand-alone or in tandem with a second power source is a superior energy alternative to the often-unreliable grid or too expensive, polluting diesel generators.” Thomas Hougaard, Vice President sub-Saharan Africa, IFU said: “We believe that Daystar Power has the right elements – the client base, technology, engineering expertise, and executive leadership to scale off-grid solar across West Africa.”