Arsenal’s Emile Smith-Rowe and Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang won the game in extra time before the loom of penalties, to secure Arsenal’s entry into the fourth round. Newcastle goalkeeper Martin Dubravka was one of the standout performers on the night, but could do little to stop both of Arsenal’s goals. A stodgy game provided little in the way of entertainment, as both sides chopped and changed from their usual starting XIs. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! But despite the mediocre showing from both teams, who were the standout performers in the contest? ✔️ GOOD PERFORMANCE COVID-19 Second Wave: LASUTH Warns Nigerians Impact Lives Of People Of Plateau South, Especially Women/ Children – Lalong Charges Senator Nora Dadu’ut David Luiz: 7.7 Often a figure of fun, David Luiz produced a good display against Newcastle. Luiz completed 89% of his passes, which numbered 58. He also won several duels with Andy Carroll and was generally composed throughout the game. This being David Luiz, however, he did lose the ball on a number of occasions, but this was due to trying long-range passes, as opposed to holding on to possession for too long. A good performance from the Brazilian. ⭐ STAR MAN Martin Dubravka: 7.3 It speaks volumes for the dearth of quality from both sides’ outfield players that a goalkeeper was by far the standout player on the pitch. But that’s what Newcastle’s stopper Dubravka was. The Slovakian was a steady presence at the back for the away side, but in truth he wasn’t really troubled. Dubravka made some five saves in the game, but none of them really troubled the goalkeeper. ❌ BAD PERFORMANCE Reiss Nelson: 6.1 This was a poor performance from the Arsenal youngster. Given his opportunity to impress by Mikel Arteta, Nelson failed to grasp his chance. He repeatedly gave the ball away, and failed to trouble Newcastle’s defence. Nelson didn’t offer a creative outlet for the home side, and only passed the ball 15 times to a teammate during his 56 minutes on the pitch. Furthermore, Nelson also lost possession of the ball six times. It remains to be seen when the 21-year-old will be given another chance to impress, with the Europa League not resuming until mid February.