…whereabout of junior brother kidnapped along with him still unknown A Catholic Priest of the Diocese of Minna, Rev. Fr. John Gbakaan Yaji has been kidnapped and killed by suspected armed bandits in Niger state, even as the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has called on government to live up to its responsibilities of protecting lives and properties of citizenry. The incident was said to have occurred on Friday night in Tufa village along the Lambata-Lapai road when the assailants accosted him and his younger brother on their way back to Minna after an engagement. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Late Rev. Fr. John was said to be on their way back to Minna from Lambata where he had attended a religious meeting along with his team of priestly ordelies but was kidnapped and his body later found dead. The late Catholic Priest was kidnapped alongside his younger brother, but our Correspondent reliably gathered as at the time of filing this report that the whereabouts of the junior brother is yet uknown. NGO Donates Medical Equipment, Consumables To Hospital In Ogun SWAN Mourns As Oyo Amateur Boxing Chair, Opaleye  Dies Spokesman of the Niger State Police Command, ASP Wasiu Abiodun could not confirm the report as efforts to reach him proved abortive. The Bishop of Catholic Diocese (Minna), Igwe Uzoukwu could as also not be reached for comments as he was said to have travelled out of town for an engagements. But a Catholic Priest from the Diocese confirmed the murder Fr. John on the condition of anonymity. Meanwhile, the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), Niger state chapter has described the abduction and killing of Rev. Fr. John Gbakaan Yaji as not only unfortunate but very painful. The CAN Chairman in the state, Revd. Mathias Echioda in his reaction, lamented that: “The attacks are unfortunate and we should not base them as religious but let us all come together to put an end to armed banditry”. “I know that if we come together sincerely and pray fervently, God who answers prayers will definitely hear and deliver us from the hands of the wicked”, the CAN chairman posited as he appealed to the government not to abandon citizenry to the mercy of blood thirst criminals who derive joy in shedding blood of innocent, harmless citizens.