Congratulations everyone and welcome to the year 2021, but beyond the season, may we find solutions to the challenges of our time and in FAITH believe that God will see us through in all our endeavours, Amen. BackToTheBeat Survival is the first law of self-preservationanditbehooves any serious government to ensure that lives and property are not apolitical, religious or tribal strategic plans in whatsoever way. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Today, Nigeria is at a crossroad and the centre cannot hold as virtually, every morning break stares at us the uncountable casualties caused by varying degrees of propaganda and falsehood propagation. Every region or zone is coming out with its own peculiar security structure and unfortunately, the South East seems to be unconcernedabout how to secure the people within the zone. Nutrition For People With Cancer 2021 Box Office As confusion trails with the South East Governors, who are looking for FGN security arrangements, other zones are already implementing their security plans. It becomes very difficult to understand why the delay or lack of will power by the South EastGovernorstocomeoutwith their own security architecture. Recently, a viral video on social media was given credence to the establishment of South East Security Network, championed by MNK, we must be careful of the danger that such outfit creation could have intheSouthEastwithout the backing of the South East Governors. There have been mixed reactions to this security outfit and of course, and as expected, the IGP stormed the South East a few days after the declaration and equally ordered the release of SWAT security architecture. Inthesamevein, themilitaryhas mobilisedall its energies to track downthewhereaboutsof theSecurity Network. My greatest fear is that the Igbos are not in the good books rightnowwithFGNandtheconsequencesof allowing ourselves into jumpinginto amoving train will be disastrous. Aclearindicationstemsfrom therecentpromotionof 37police officers to the ranks of police commissioners. Itbecameverydisheartening that the South East was allotted only one slot. The situation of the Igbos right now is becoming very glaring as to ask the Igbos, WHAT CAN YOU DO? Withtherecentsecuritychallenges in Nigeria, one would have expected FGN to balance thelopsidedappointmentsinthe various force formations, but it wasn’t important to the power in charge. The South East police commissioners are mostly from the North and how can the Igbos feel secured with such arrangements when the best policing mechanism should be implemented based on community architecture. Here, an indigene should be in charge of areas of functionalities and spheres for effective security monitoring and operations. The worst of all these lopsidedappointmentsinalmostallthe federalestablishmentscouldnot be ambiguous to decode hence the same North that we have given lower marks as entryway to higher institutions tagged ‘EDUCATIONAL DISADVANTAGED’ has suddenly become THEBESTBRAINSforappointments and promotions. The sad cursory look at the list shows that: 1. TheNorth-Westzonegot12 new Commissioners of Police; 2. North-East has eight new Commissioners of Police 3. South-West got seven new Commissioners of Police 4. South-South got new five Commissioners of Police 5. NorthCentralgotfournew Commissioners of Police 6. South-East sadly got only one new Commissioner of Police. Dr. Sunny Oby Maduka (DSM), is an Author, Resource Personality, Management Consultant/ Trainer, Chartered/Certified -Aud i t o r / A c c ount a n t , Financial Compliance Expert, Economic/Political Analyst Strategist, Marine Expert and Motivationist) SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION