Bauchi- Tragedy struck when no fewer than three persons, including a mother and two children were burnt to death, while four others sustained injuries in a fire incident that occurred in Riban Garmin Village of Dewu ward in Kirfi local government area of Bauchi state. According to an eyewitness account, the fire was as a result of an electrical fault in the house which burnt the four bedroom apartment completely. He said that when the fire started, the deceased and her two children were sleeping in the night , adding that all efforts to force the door of their room open by good samaritans failed as they were crying for help when the fire consumed them. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The eyewitness further said the four persons that sustained injuries during the incident were admitted at the Kirfi General Hospital where they are currently receiving treatment. A member Representing Kirfi in the Bauchi State House of Assembly Honorable Abdulkadir Umar Dewu who paid a visit to the victims on behalf of the State Governor Senator Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, sympathized with the family of the victims, saying that it was very unfortunate for a woman and her two children to die in such a circumstance. Amotekun Dismisses Officer For Killing Passerby In Ibadan Mob Set Man Ablaze For Allegedly Stealing, As Amotekun Stray Bullet Kills Okada Man In Ibadan “The loss suffered by the families as well as the community is painful and no amount of money can compensate for the lives that has been lost. I am here to extend my heart felt condolences on behalf of Governor Bala Mohammed who is deeply touched by such incidence.” “I want to caution people to careful while using fire because of it’s devastating consequences, especially during the cold weather. I pledge to continue to support this community”, he said Dewu urged the families of the victims to take the incident as an act of God and prayed to Allah to grant the fortitude to bear the loss. He presented a donation of N250,000 on behalf of the governor to the families of the victims, assuring of more support from the government. A community leader in the area Mallam Muhammadu Riban Garmu expressed gratitude to the governor and the lawmaker for commiserating with the community during it’s trying moments and pray to almighty Allah to reward them abundantly. He described the deceased as obedient woman, who live peacefully with people, saying that the community will continue to remember her kindness and generosity.