The story of a man who lost his life after being a victim of paternity fraud recently went viral. This story was a very sensational one because according to the person who wrote about it on Twitter, the man was married to his wife for over eight years and the marriage was blessed with two children. After some years of marriage, the woman allegedly confessed to the man that he was not the biological father of the children. This story sparked a lot of conversations on social media. In fact, ‘DNA TEST’ was trending on Twitter. Due to this, a lot of people advised married men to conduct DNA tests on their children to ascertain if they are the real fathers. Based on this backdrop, in this interview, ABIODUN SALAMI, a geneticist with a DNA test centre for paternity test in Lagos, opened up on his over 20 years’ experience in the field. How long have you been practicing as a geneticist? I have been practicing for over 20 years. We run paternity and maternity tests. The truth is that these tests should be a normal process. However, these days, people do it because of the increase in the rate of infidelity in marriages. It is very rampant these days. Based on my experience, I can say that one out of every three men is a victim of paternity fraud. It may look shocking to outsiders, but I see cases like this every day. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Is there a way to test for paternity when the woman is still pregnant? Yes, we also do prenatal DNA testing. We do a non-invasive test that doesn’t affect the woman’s pregnancy. It is done by taking blood from the woman’s fingers and taking a mouth swab from the alleged father to determine paternity. Fayose Dedicates New Year To Giving Wande Coal Expresses Frustration Over Being Misunderstood Why do you think some people shy away from conducting a DNA test? One major reason why people run away from this test is because of the cost. It is about N50,000 per person. So for example, a test on a father and child would cost N100,000. Some people usually say that they would rather stay ignorant than pay N100,000 for the test. I have heard some people say that to me. But then, I always encourage them to do it because the cost of taking care of a bastard would be more than that. Another reason why people don’t do it is because of biological attachment. Some people prefer to remain in the dark because they cannot afford to lose a child they love. I advise men to do a DNA test because of their future. There are cases where we have had to exhume bodies to do a paternity test. I have lost count of the number of cases like this. A lot of people have said that doing a DNA test would affect the level of trust in marriage. What do you have to say about this? The truth is that there is paternity fraud everywhere. There is no big deal in doing a DNA test. A faithful woman should be happy to run a DNA test. A lot of women come to our centre to run DNA tests on their children behind their husband. What do they bring to run these tests secretly? Usually, they bring the man’s toothbrush. If they are bringing the hair, then they have to bring it with its follicle. However, once they bring their toothbrush, we would extract the DNA and compare it with that of the child. You are advising men to do a DNA test, as a geneticist; did you conduct this test on your children? Yes, I did. I already told my wife that I would do it before we started having our children. There are so many reasons to do a DNA test; it doesn’t have anything to with trust issues. Everything is not about trust issues; hospitals make mistakes sometimes. For example, when embassies make DNA tests compulsory before travelling, do the women complain about trust issues at this point? No they don’t. I have seen cases like that. It happens a lot and then we discover that out of four children, 3 children don’t belong to the man. Especially firstborns, most of them are not the biological children of the fathers they live with. When I hear women say they would divorce their husbands if they ask for a DNA test, I just laugh. People talk about the heartbreak that comes with paternity fraud. How do you handle situations like this with your clients? There was a case that I can remember. After the DNA test, the man said that out of all his children, the one that is not his biological child is the one he loves most. We had to counsel him. It is better to know the truth early enough before the child becomes an adult. A man can decide to adopt a child that is not his biological child. There was also this married couple that came to our centre recently. They finally had twins after five years of waiting. At some point, they started having issues and she (the wife) told him that the twins were not for him. A DNA test further confirmed this. People have been advocating for DNA tests immediately after childbirth; what do you have to say about this? Yes, it is important. We should even have a DNA bank in this country. How many people come to your centre for a test monthly? We have an average of three people per day. 30 percent of them come because of immigration, 50 percent of them come for paternity tests and 20 percent for maternity tests. A lot of men usually come without the knowledge of their wives to do a DNA test. There is no law backing DNA testing in Nigeria for now. Women also come to do it without the knowledge of their spouses. How many days does it take for the result to be out? Usually, it takes about three to five working days. But then, because of the pandemic, it is about 7 to 10 working days to get a result. Physical attributes don’t matter in paternity. When a man has been living with a child from birth, it is natural for the child to pick some attributes of the man. It doesn’t determine if the child is a biological child of the father. There was a case where a child looked exactly like the father and when we ran a DNA test, we discovered that the child was fathered by the man’s younger brother. The DNA test was negative. The wife was insisting but eventually she confessed. Have you ever witnessed a surge in the number of people who want to do a DNA test? Yes, since the news of the recent DNA saga, there has been an increase in the number of people requesting a test. Aside from a toothbrush, what other things can be brought to do a DNA test secretly? Chewing gum that was chewed by the father or child, a glass of drinking water that was used by the father or child, the hair and its follicle, the ear wax after using a cotton bud. It is very important for a man to run a DNA test. It is because of their future. Do you think DNA tests would curb the rate of infidelity in women? No, I don’t think so. If every woman comes with the babies they get from extra-marital relationships, 90 percent of people would be bastards. It doesn’t stop anything. If someone wants to cheat, they would still cheat.