YENAGOA – The Environmental Rights Action/Friends of the Earth Nigeria (ERA/FoEN) has decried the inaction of the National Oil Spill Detection and Response Agency (NOSDRA) and the Bayelsa State Government over the five-month oil spill from the facility of Conoil Plc in Akassa Kingdom in the Brass Local Government Area of the state. Head of ERA/FoEN in the state, Alagoa Morris, said the devastating incident occurred at Conoil Plc Otuo Field Well 13 on September 3, 2020, and the indigenous oil firm had yet to respond to it up till now despite several complaints. The chairman of United Fishing Union of Sangana, Ikonikumo Noel, had cried that the oil leak destroyed a huge number of different species of fishes and other aquatic lives which were washed ashore the shoreline of Akassa Kingdom communities. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Morris described the refusal of NOSDRA and the Bayelsa state government to take any action as unfortunate, adding that they had abandoned their responsibilities to the impoverished fishing communities in the area and the environment. The activist noted that the environmental rights group was aware that the oil industry regulator and the state government had been duly informed about the Conoil oil spill incident, but it was surprising that they were keeping mum. Buhari Condoles With Ndubuisi Kanu’s Family Admiral Ndubuisi Left His Footprint In Sand Of Time – Uwazuruike Morris said, “From video clips, photos and related testimonies from locals, it has been established that there has been an oil spill in the environment. “And it is unfortunate that neither the facility owners nor any of the regulatory agencies have responded to the incident, even though they have been duly informed by community stakeholders in writing, especially the office of the Bayelsa State Commissioner for Environment. “Ordinarily, the regulators should have visited the impacted communities and sites of interest, including the Otuo Field Well 13 to, not only ascertain the facts and give a sense of belonging to affected communities, but also ensure the needful is done by Conoil promptly to prevent further leak of crude oil and related negative impact on the environment. “The inaction of NOSDRA and Bayelsa State Ministries of Environment and Mineral Resources leaves much to be desired. They obviously shirked responsibility to the people and environment.” He urged the regulatory agency and the state government to prevail on Conoil to carry out clean-up and provide relief materials and compensation to victims of its operations in the Akassa environment.