Iran announced on Monday that it had increased its uranium enrichment levels, bringing it closer to developing the capacity to produce a nuclear weapon within six months. The resumption of enrichment to 20 percent was the latest in a series of escalations that have followed President Trump’s decision to withdraw the United States from a 2015 nuclear agreement that had limited Iran to enrichment levels of 4 to 5 percent. A spokesman for the Iranian government, Ali Rabiei, told the state-run IRNA news agency on Monday that President Hassan Rouhani had ordered the implementation of a law passed last week authorizing the new enrichment levels. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “A few minutes ago, the process of producing 20 percent enriched uranium has started in Fordow enrichment complex,” Mr. Rabiei told Iran’s semiofficial Mehr News Agency. Fuel enriched to that level is not sufficient to produce a bomb, but it is close. Getting from current levels to 20 percent is far more difficult than going from tat level to the 90 percent purity that is traditionally used for bomb-grade fuel. Ings On Target As Liverpool Stumble Again In Southampton Defeat NBA: Stephen Curry Scores Career-High Points Total In Golden State Warriors Win The enrichment is taking place in Iran’s newest nuclear facility, Fordow, which is embedded deep inside a mountain at a well-protected base of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps. Successfully striking it would require repeated attacks with the largest bunker-busting bomb in the American arsenal. The decision to bolster uranium enrichment, while not a surprise, was officially reached after the assassination in November of Iran’s top nuclear scientist, Mohsen Fakhrizadeh, long identified by American and Israeli intelligence services as the guiding figure behind a covert effort to design an atomic warhead. It also coincides with the first anniversary of the assassination of a revered military commander, Qassim Suleimani, in a United States missile strike. Iranian officials have always maintained that their nuclear ambitions are for peaceful purposes, not weapons. But they expressed fury and vowed revenge over the assassination of Mr. Fakhrizadeh, the nuclear scientist. In December, Iranian lawmakers passed a law ordering an immediate ramping up of the uranium enrichment program and calling for the expulsion of international nuclear inspectors if American sanctions were not lifted by early February, posing a direct challenge to President-elect Joseph R. Biden Jr. Mr. Biden’s incoming national security adviser, Jake Sullivan, has expressed optimism that the 2015 nuclear accord could still be salvaged. In a Foreign Affairs article published in May, Mr. Sullivan and Daniel Benaim, a Middle East adviser to Mr. Biden when he was vice president, argued that the United States should “immediately re-establish nuclear diplomacy with Iran and salvage what it can from the 2015 nuclear deal,” and then work with allies and Iran “to negotiate a follow-on agreement.” Appearing on CNN on Sunday, Mr. Sullivan said that as soon as Iran re-entered compliance with the 2015 nuclear deal there would be talks over its missile capabilities. “In that broader negotiation, we can ultimately secure limits on Iran’s ballistic missile technology,” Mr. Sullivan said, “and that is what we intend to try to pursue through diplomacy.” But the missile program was not covered in the previous accord because the Iranians refused to commit to any limitations on their development or testing. And that presupposes that the Iranians would be willing to return to the terms of the 2015 accord under any circumstances. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION