All Progressives Congress(APC), Ebonyi state chapter, yesterday said the party has all it takes to defeat the opposition political party, People’s Democratic Party(PDP) in the state in 2023 general elections. speaking to newsmen in Abakaiki, Ebonyi state capital yesterday, state Publicity Secretary of the APC, Mr. Simbad Ogbuatu boasted that despite the refusal of the National Assembly members and the stakeholders to defected to the APC, the party has every mechanism to floor the PDP in 2023 elections. Ogbuatu said APC in the state was more organized and very peaceful especially since Umahi defected to the party and that it was a very big edge the party has over the PDP. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “We are fully on ground, we have every mechanism to win, we have every reason to win. Party is just a logo and the Governor has performed tremendously well. Toady, every Ebonyian is echoing that he must give us a successor and it is only him that can give us somebody who can perform like him. “We did it in his second tenure. Had it been that he is a first term Governor and he defected, you will say that he is looking for second tenure. Even without the centre, we did as opposition. Is it now that we are connected to the centre that we will lose, it can’t happened. We fought like an orphan in 2019 and we won. Is it now that we have a father that we will not win, so we are ready for 2023. Year Ender: The Trajectory Of COVID-19, Need To Intensify Non-Pharmaceutical Measures Group Inaugurates Project To Curtail Road Accidents In Lagos’ Gowon Estate “PDP is a divided house, they are not even ready for election even in the ward level in Ebonyi state. we learnt that they have two factions; Ebonyi state faction and Abuja faction. The Abuja faction of the PDP has only been reigning on social media and newspapers and that of Ebonyi state faction has occupied their party office insisting that they can’t leave the party office whereas the Abuja faction cannot take the office from them. so, this is a very big tussle in the PDP and this is because they have no leader. If it when the Governor was there, within 24 hours, peace will be restored the way he did in APC when he entered the party on November last year. “Very soon, we will conduct our congress in APC and you will see how things are done in APC. The same manpower that was installed in PDP is the same manpower that was will be installed in APC and you will see things moving on very well. We are praying for a viable opposition in Ebonyi state but we don’t see any viable opposition in the state”, he said. Ebonyi State has been a PDP ruled state since 1999 the nation entered into democracy but suddenly became an APC state late last year when Governor Dave Umahi defected to the party. Eight out of the National Assembly members from the State alongside some prominent stakeholders stayed in PDP and refused to follow the Governor to the APC.