GODDIE OFOSE The communication units of The Coca-Cola Company of the Nigeria and West Africa operations, have suffered a setback as Clem Ugorji, Public Affairs/ Communication Director, West Africa Business Unit and Emeka Mba, Public Affairs and Policy Specialist/ Community Affairs Manager/ Corporate Relations Executive, Nigeria have resigned from the company. Authoritative source said that both Ugorji and Mba who spent commutatively about 30 years in the soft drink company resigned in December 2020. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to another source, their resignations were not unconnected with the appointment of Alfred Olajide as the new Vice President and Managing Director of Nigeria operation recently. Ugorji, whose responsibility was to lead the Company’s sustainability agenda and stakeholder management to grow corporate trust and enable sustainable business growth, had worked with the soft drink giant for 14 years. MAN’s Salient Views On Nigeria’s Participation In AfCFTA Dangote Group Second Largest Employer Of Labour In Formal Sector After Govt – Prof. Dauda Ugorji was previously the Public Affairs/ Communications Director for Coca-Cola Nigeria Franchise. In this role, he successfully positioned Coca-Cola as an active citizen and one of the most respected companies in the country. An active advocate for Business to Business (B2B) collaboration for social good, Ugorji led the formation of the Food and Beverage Recycling Alliance – a coalition of leading F&B companies to promote the recovery and recycling of packaging waste. He was also a leading member of the steering committee for the formation of the Nigerian Business Council for Sustainable Development. Prior to joining Coca-Cola as Communications Manager for Nigeria and Equatorial Africa in 2006, Ugorji had more than 10 years of management level experience in the Banking and ICT sectors with roles of increasing responsibility spanning Executive Support, Business Strategy, Brand Development and Corporate Communications. Mba who has spent 15 years and two months at The Coca-Cola Company, Nigeria operation, was a strategic Public Affairs and Policy Specialist, Community Affairs Manager, and Corporate Relations Executive for over three years. “I have spent over 22 years all-round professional experience and a solid track record of seamless Strategic Corporate Communications and Media Relations, Government Relations, Incident Management and Crisis Resolutions, Corporate Affairs and Project Development and Management expertise including a sound experience planning sustainable corporate social responsibility initiatives,” he said. Mba who refuted disagreement as the cause for their departure, said “I have spent over 15 years and Clem has done over 14 years. For me, I will like to do something new. Haven’t I tried?” he queried. During his time at The Coca-Cola Company, Mba has been a recipient of Coca-Cola Nigeria (CEO’s) Employee Volunteering Champion, won Chaperon, Nigeria Contingents’ Gold medal -Winning Team, Special Olympics World Summer Games, USA and nominee, Coca-Cola Central East & West Africa champion for Collaboration. Mba, who initiated proactive industry support through expert opinions and guidance to avert huge reputational crises in 2016 also developed innovative Public Health Partnerships with YEF to expand access to Voluntary HIV/ AIDS Counseling and Testing to 9 million Nigerians across urban and peri-urban regions over four years. The public affairs specialist led partnership with varying agencies to execute the maiden edition and three subsequent editions of GRI standard Sustainability report over a five-year tranche as well as partnered with the bottling partner to pivot the business and financial literacy training for 27,000 female Coca-Cola Retail outlet operators across the Nigeria Franchise in 2012. Early this year, The Coca-Cola Company appointed Alfred Olajide as its new Vice President and Managing Director for its Nigeria Operations following a reorganization of the company’s global leadership structure. According to the statement from Coca-Cola, Olajide brings several years of experience to bear in his new role, nine of which were at The Coca-Cola Company having served in different capacities across the African Continent including Franchise Director for Cluster Markets in the Southern and Eastern Africa Region, Director of Revenue Growth Management in the East and Central Africa Region, and Strategy Head for Nigeria Franchise. In August 2020, The Coca-Cola Company, announced a global restructuring aimed at furthering the leading beverage company’s aspiration to emerge stronger amidst a fast-changing global business environment. The new structure sees its erstwhile 17 Business Units compressed into nine Operating Units focused on strategic local and regional business objectives supported by the company’s newly created Platform Services. Announcing the change in structure, Company Chairman and CEO, James Quincey, noted that the changes in the company’s operating model will shift marketing to drive more growth and “put execution closer to customers and consumers while prioritizing a portfolio of strong brands.” Speaking about his appointment as Vice President, Operations and Managing Director of the Coca-Cola business in Nigeria, Olajide said; “These are very exciting times for the global Coca-Cola business, and I look forward to contributing my own quota to a business I love so much, especially at such an interesting time as this. Nigeria is a huge market, and I am optimistic about the growth we can achieve together with our bottling partners.” The new Managing Director holds a First Class Bachelor’s Degree from the University of Ibadan, Nigeria and an MBA from University of Leicester, United Kingdom. His extensive experience in leading market growth, strategy and operations management built from years in management consulting and FMCG will undoubtedly help drive business growth, strategy formulation, and market execution, in the Coca-Cola Nigeria Franchise Operations. He is passionate about leading with impact and empowering young talent for growth.