Dr. Tony Azeigbemi, Chairman, Edo State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has stated that the Benin High Court ruling on Wednesday which disqualified Pastor Osagie Ize-Iyamu’s running mate, Mallam Gani Audu of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the Edo State September 19, 2020, gubernatorial election, means nothing to the PDP led administration of Gov. Godwin Obaseki of the state. Dr. Aiziegbemin made the clarification in a chat with newsmen in Benin According to Aziegbemi, “You will recall that the Edo state chairman of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Barr. Anselm Ojezua, had warned Edo people and Nigerians that the APC does not have a candidate for the September 19, 2020, gubernatorial election. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “He is a lawyer so he should know, l am sure this (judgment) is a manifestation of what he said then. We don’t have the judgment yet, until we see the judgment before we can say what the judge used in arriving at this conclusion. We will wait for the judgment to have an informed opinion on it.” Dr. Aiziegnemin said: “The judgment means absolutely nothing, it doesn’t mean anything to us, we knew from the onset they (APC) didn’t have a candidate. FG To Complete Abuja-Kaduna-Kano Road Project By 2023– Official NLC, Others Threatens Industrial Action Over Salary, Pension Deductions “I am sure that is why Edo people rejected them. So, it doesn’t mean anything to us. The law has just taken its course. Are we surprised, no. Did we expect it to come, yes. “Edo people have rightly taken that decision to vote for His Excellency, Godwin Obaseki, who was our candidate during the election.. Azeigbemin charged Edo people to continue to support the administration of Governor Godwin Obaseki to enable the governor concentrate on his efforts to move the state to the next level of development. “I believe that the plans he has for the state are so grounded in common and economic sense, that in no time, Edo people will soon start seeing what those plans are. “It is just to plead for patience, we know there are issues of security and all that but the governor is not sleeping. He is working to make sure that Edo people go to bed with their two eyes close. “So, once again, it is just to plead with Edo people to know that the reins of government is in good hands in the PDP led administration of Mr. Godwin Obaseki.” He denied insinuations that there is apprehension within the PDP on the issue of political appointments by the governor. “I disagree that there is apprehension. Amongst whom? I am the chairman of the ruling party in Edo State. I don’t have any apprehension in me. So, in whom will it be? I don’t think there is any apprehension. “We should learn how to follow people. We should learn how to follow our leaders that we have voted for. “For us as a party, we believe strongly in what the governor has done. We are part of the decision making process that appointments should be made in February for us to clear the table. The table was quite dirty, so anybody that’s having apprehension will just have BP for nothing.” On the tenure of the local government councils management, Dr. Azeigbemin assured that they will complete their constitutional three years tenure before they will be dissolved and elections held to replace them.