LAGOS – Green Africa Airways said that it would soon complete the process of acquiring the Air Operators’ Certificate (AOC) from the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA), while it intends to commence scheduled flight operations immediately. Mr. Babawande Afolabi, the Chairman, Green Africa Airways in a statement said that the airline had taken some giant steps, which would lead to the successful birth of the airline. The statement hinted that despite the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic, the airline’s long-term potential in the Nigerian aviation market remained vibrant; stressing that with the right business model, fleet and value proposition, the new entrant could capture the attractive market opportunities. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to him, the airline’s leadership team included Neil Mills and Kiran Koteshwar, President and Chief Operating Officer (COO), respectively, the two well-experienced leaders in the global aviation industry. He explained that the airline was planning to unveil its crew uniform tagged: ‘The Runway,’ which he said would be made public in due course, noting that information to this was on its website. Recapitalisation: Law Union & Rock Insurance To Become Tangerine LUR Ibukun Awosika: Strategic Thinker, Hyperactive Afolabi emphasised that in December 2020, the airline sent its pilots; Folu Oladipo (Chief Pilot), Victor Yem, John Ayerume, Stephen Okereke, Ladi Ogun, and Israel Eloho on a type-rating training. He assured that the launch of the airline would happen in 2021, but was silent on the exact date. He added: “We have continued to scale-up the manpower required for the start of operations and some of the newly recruited cabin crew members; Adefolabi Ogunnaike, Rosemary Uagbor, Afolabi Modupe, Juliana Aku, Aderounmu Yetunde, Okere Ijeoma, Chieke Immaculate, and Abimbola Segun were also recently sent for type-rating training.” It would be recalled that Capt. Musa Nuhu, the Director-General of NCAA had in late 2020 said that the year 2021 would witness the birth of additional four airlines. Already, the airline has given out 24 free tickets in December 2020 promotion tagged: ‘Tis the season to gIFT,’ in anticipation of the commencement of scheduled flight services. Before the outbreak of Covid-19, Green Africa had ordered 50 Airbus A220-300s aircraft, while it intends to lease an additional three of the aircraft type from leasing company, GTLK Europe in February 2020. Besides, the airline in October 2020 formed a strategic partnership with First City Monument Bank (FCMB), which yielded $31 million in a combination of standby letter of credit and rolling working capital.