LAGOS- Fashion and lifestyle enthusiast, Ambsrowan, real name Amber Rowan has revealed how she took advantage of the Coronavirus pandemic, to work on herself and better her personal life. Describing how she faired during the peak of the lockdown, the seasoned blogger reiterated that the year dealt quite a big blow to majority. “The previous year (2020) has been testing for most, I found that to be the case; but throughout this difficult year, I have seen opportunities and I was able to take it as a valuable experience.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “I have learned so much about myself and what I value. I have also used this time to channel creative energy and thinking,” she recalled. Ambsrowan swiftly added: “During the lockdown I found it difficult without the gym and used it as motivation to have something to look forward to.” My 2021 Life Documentary Will Tell My Story – D’banj Controversial Culinary Expert, Tunde Wey Set To Shut Lagos Down “This led me to shop online for new active ware. I then started research about materials for my own brand.” On why she chose to focus on fashion and fitness blogging, Ambsrowan who is also a Social Media Influencer she says: “Fashion and fitness come with the advantage of being able to travel at the minute.” However Ambsrowan regrets not having the confidence to have started blogging earlier. “It really took a lot for me to get started and channel my focus into me and my brand,” she bemoaned. On how the brand Ambsrowan was propelled to social media prominence, she offers: “My content and being able to travel allowed me to differentiate and widen my networking skills.” She also hinted that she was about to take the Ambsrowan brand to the next level by upgrading from a blogger to entrepreneur. “I have something in the fashion line I am working on in the pipeline,” she hints, noting that she spent the latter part of 2020 to “finalise plans and designs of my activewear collection I plan to launch this year.” Ambsrowan who declared that she has always “wanted to have my own business or product,” further claims: “My family has entrepreneurial traits; this has influenced my attitude towards the opportunities I have come across.” Ambsrowan was not ambiguous about how she is going to deploy her presence and influence online in 2021. Her focus, she hinted, will be on making a statement in the fashion industry, a goal she hope to achieve by “being more creative with social media posts and concentrating on driving that growth.” Looking back, Ambsrowan appraised how far she has progressed from a child whose short-term ambition was to work as cabin crew to a young lady who, although didn’t have a long term dream, direction or idea, but does not hesitate to snap up travelling opportunities to broaden her horizon. “I always knew I wanted to take control and have my own business or product,” she affirms.