Democracy, according to William Robert Parks, has one ultimate goal – the wellbeing of each individual as a distinct, significant item of humanity. That goal, he declared, “rests upon the ancient Christian-Jewish belief that each individual human being, however mean his worldly status, as a son of God has a dignity and worth which is equal to that of every other man.” Parks added that along with the democratic concept of the innate worth of the individual go other propositions concerning the means by which a democratic society is to be achieved. Some of these propositions have become procedural principles which are seemingly unchanging necessities in the maintenance of a democratic state and must be distinguished from mere mechanical devices developed for putting these principles into effect. Parks warned against confusing the means and ends in discussing democracy and fashioning a democratic system. For, whereas the essential end of democracy is ultimate and changeless, the means for achieving this goal must be continuously modified to fit a changing environment. Thus, a democratic society must have the capacity to distinguish between ends and means if it is to winnow out and retain from the apparatuses of democracy those elements in its structure essential to the preserving and strengthening of a democratic state. Students of Charles Darwin, author of On the Origin of Species, may not argue with Parks on the wellbeing of the individual being the goal of democracy. Without democracy, societies will be populated by only those favoured in the struggle for life in those societies. For Hobbesian scholars, without democracy, life will be solitary, poor, nasty, brutish and short. Therefore, self-governance of any kind must be one that provides a boundary and balance between a central government and all its apparatuses and the rights of the individuals that enhance his wellbeing. As Parks would say, confusing the means for the ends of democracy has its dare consequences. The wellbeing of the individual or his equality to all others should be defined within the ambit of the law. In the words of Parks, a “system of rights, of course, assumes the obligation not to impair the rights of others. An individual’s rights must be balanced in terms of the rights of other individuals.” As Abraham Lincoln put it, the “Declaration of Independence defines with ‘tolerable clearness’ the equality of status to which all men are born. It is an equality of rights before the law. Not only is a system of rights an essential in protecting a man’s personality as an individual, but it is also an indispensable factor in the operation of a democratic process. For it is in the possession of the freedom to think, talk, and act that a minority has the opportunity of making itself the majority.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! What has befallen America, the world’s oldest constitutional democracy, under Donald Trump’s reign emphasises the relevance of Parks’ thesis and propositions. Democracy will forever be a work in progress. There would forever be need to rejig the means of achieving and protecting the wellbeing of the individual. For instance, America should first try to do away with its electoral college system. The world has, for so long, equated democracy with the principle of one man, one vote. The misconception has also promoted complementary principles that tend to superimpose the rights of the individual on many societies. Ijaw Youths Vs NDDC Nigeria: This Joke Called A Country Against all odds, Trump was made the President of the world’s richest, most powerful country by voters who expressed their individuality and equality with other Americans through a cumbersome electoral system. Those who voted for him were not justified, and the system could not be said to be wrong. But how would America prevent the misfortune of having another Donald Trump? One can’t say. The effort to orchestrate a summary impeachment procedure that will provide a justification for banning him from ever occupying an American public office can only stop the present Trump, but not the future Trumps. The imposition of the electoral college system on popular votes has the intrinsic capacity to produce future Trumps. Donald John Trump has every bit of the American gene. His father, Frederick Christ Trump, was born in New York in 1905 to German immigrants, Elizabeth Christ and Frederick Trump, and his mother, Mary Anne MacLeod Trump, was a Scottish immigrant. Both parents lived off the American profitable property business and died at 94 and 88 respectively. Of Donald’s four siblings, only the second oldest, Frederick Christ Trump, who died at a relatively young age of 43, would not pass for the description of a successful Trump. Donald is recorded to have said that he lived not wanting to be like the alcoholic Fred. The eldest, Maryanne Trump Barry, who is heading to the remarkable age of 84 years, is a retired Federal judge. The third oldest, Elizabeth Trump Grau, who is heading to her 79th year, is a retired banker. Donald’s only younger brother, Robert Trump, who died on 15 August 2020, at the age of 71, grew up in the family estate business. The Trumps cannot be called a rogues’ gallery; but as this story unfolds, it would seem that Donald Trump is only amplifying some traits intrinsic to his lineage. Donald’s immigrant grandfather was said to have escaped a three-year compulsory military service in his home country, Germany, and arrived on a steamboat in America on October 7, 1885, and became an American citizen seven years later in 1892. Frederick was among the over one million Germans who migrated to America in the late 18th century. The land of opportunities promoted Frederick from barber to a successful restaurateur, hotelier, entrepreneur, gold rush prospector and New York real-estate investor. Tragically, the adventurous Frederick died at the age of 49 on 30 May 1918, during the first wave of the Spanish flu pandemic. Frederick Christ Trump, Donald’s father, was the first of the two sons of the immigrant Frederick Trump who became one of New York’s most successful real estate businessmen. An African saying goes, “A lion will not give birth to a goat.” What has pockmarked the life and times of Donald Trump are scandals. Relating that to his family tree, it is easy to see that the scandals are not original to him. For a long time, the Trumps denied their German ancestry and falsely projected a Swedish ancestry either to preserve their relationship with the Jewish community or to hide their patriarch’s past – a dodger who flew from the mandatory military duty and was stripped of his German citizenship. The family has also expended efforts in erasing the immigrant’s participation in the liquor and sex profitable business of the early 1890s Seattle. Frederick Christ Trump who inherited and transformed the patriarch’s business into a billion-dollar business was not without his scandals. Besides probes concerning profiteering or cases on violations of housing ethics and tax fraud, he was also associated with the racist and white supremacist Ku Klux Klan. If Frederick C. Trump was a grifter or rogue, the predatory Donald Trump, who rebranded the business into a Trump organisation, became one of the world’s greatest swindlers and liars. Long before he got into politics, the American electorate had a reasonable doubt about his mental stability and it was common knowledge that his moral account was in red; but he was electable because he hated Barack Hussein Obama, his predecessor, as much as he hated Muslims and immigrants, besides America’s alliances and business partnerships across the globe. Donald Trump is, therefore, not an accident. Vile and petulant, he has never been a pretender or virtue signaler. Life has always been about himself – a scorpion given wings by an electorate that has always wanted an alternative America: one for white evangelicals and supremacist. Trump personifies an atavistic America enabled by America’s electoral system. But for the COVID-19 pandemic, it would have been difficult for Joe Biden to galvanise an America that would give a number over and above Trump’s over 74 million popular votes. Trump has succeeded in bringing the alternative Americans from their closets. He has regrouped and weaponised them into a lethal fraternity against Liberal America. He has fed them with the right conspiracy theories that have reduced them to an American intifada. His dog whistling language is understood by suicide bombers to the extent that he could easily raise an army to pull down the Capitol – the symbol of America’s democracy.