The recent alarm raised by the South East governors over the worsening security situation in the region should not just go away as another empty, emotional display aimed at merely transmitting the impression that they are deeply concerned about the growing threats to lives and property which have become a daily source of trauma and trepidation in the South East. Very practical actions must be taken by the governors to ensure that the menace is effectively contained. In the communique that emerged last week from a virtual meeting of the governors read to reporters by Ebonyi State Governor, Mr. Dave Umahi, who is the chairman of the South East Governors’ Forum, recent cases of kidnappings, killings and maiming of the people were vehemently decried. But by restricting their concern and alarm to the cases that occurred recently, the governors gave the impression that they have only recently started to closely monitor the security situation in the region. Indeed, the South East has remained a pathetic victim of countless violent crimes, which have received widespread media coverage. If the governors’ gesture, however, is indicative of the fact that they have woken up to the dire situation on ground and are now willing and ready to tackle it headlong, then it is a welcome development. “We are very much worried. It is not those that are not from the South East that are doing it. They want to cause panic; they want to cause disunity in this country. We want leaders of the South East to rise above political sentiments to speak out and to condemn this act because should the security people act, the cry will go everywhere,” Umahi told the journalists. The governor alleged that the situation “is being heightened by the activities of desperate politicians.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! It is sad and pathetic that instead of sitting down like the governors of other zones to formulate a workable solution to the kidnappings and killings of their people, the South East governors appear more interested in profiling the people and exonerating the criminal elements who infiltrate the zone to perpetrate heinous crimes. If this was what the governors took time to discuss and agree upon, then their meeting was a total waste of time. Now, when did the governors take a census of the violent criminals to determine that the kidnappings, killings, rapes and sundry acts of savagery were being perpetrated by only people from the South East? Even if that were the case, should they be more interested in going to town with it as if crime has tribal marks or be preoccupied with how to arrest and punish the malefactors and put an end to the menace? Reports abound of how Fulani herdsmen, for instance, armed with sophisticated weapons invade people’s farms and convert them to grazing fields for their cattle. When challenged by the owners of the farms, these herdsmen would attack them, killing and maiming many of them. In several cases, their wives and young daughters are, in addition, violently undressed and brutally raped before the rest of the family. Even entire communities are invaded in the dead of the nights. And during these unprovoked aggressions, many people are reportedly killed, their homes razed, and people are suddenly turned into refugees in their own lands. What has been the response of the South East governors to these unprovoked attacks and violation of their people? And what is the meaning of the veiled threat about security agents swooping on the region? Is that an indication of another planned bloody invasion of the South East like the previous ones referred to as “Operation Python Dance”? Who exactly is composing this ominous song the South East governors are singing to with utmost relish? Mounting Anxiety Over New COVID-19 Variants Optimising The N675 Billion Vote For Arms, Training Of Soldiers If the governors are sincerely interested in containing the deteriorating security situation in the South East, they know what to do. They should follow the example of their colleagues in the South West and get the state houses of assembly to enact laws that will provide legal backing for the constitution of a security network in the South East. The governors are regarded as the chief security officers of their various states, so the people’s safety should be their most important concern, and not this lame effort to profile their people while exonerating other people from crimes they have not even made any attempts to deny. It is interesting that most of the states in the South West belong to the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC), yet, the governors in the region mustered the will and patriotism to put the welfare and safety of their people far above party sentiments and signed into laws the bills setting up a security outfit for their region, after the state assemblies had passed them. The South East governors should for once demonstrate their abiding interest in the lives and welfare of the people that elected them. They should hasten to decide today to set up a functional security network to safeguard the people of the region since the security agencies, despite their heavy presence in the South East, have continued to demonstrate flagrant inability or unwillingness (or both) to protect the people.