ABAKALIKI- The Ebonyi State Chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Ebonyi on Tuesday alleged that Governor David Umahi was running the State as his private business, with his immediate family. The State caretaker Chairman of the party, Chief Fred Udeogu who made the allegations while speaking with journalists in Abakaliki, lambasted the Governor for running the affairs of Ebonyi State as a family business. He noted that the only State owned university (EBonyi State University Abakaliki), had been abandoned to collapse by the Governor. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “The government of Ebonyi state is run as a private business of one man and his immediate family. If you look at what is happening in the State today, you will see that nobody who contributed to David Umahi becoming governor is still with him. Udeogu noted that if Ebonyi was to be another State, Umahi’s style of governance would have plunged it into an irredeemable crisis. Nigerians Are Tired Of APC, Want PDP To Rescue Them– Odeyemi APC ‘ll Not To Be Distracted By PDP’s Ranting-Caretaker Committee He however, commended Ebonyians for their ability to condone what he termed as Umahi’s high handedness and repressive governance “I appreciate our people for condoning all the things happening in Ebonyi State. If not for the maturity of our people, there would have been unimaginable hostility in the State, but our people are very docile. If not so, the system is terrible, and the government is something else.” He accused the Governor of not following the blue print designed by the founding fathers who fought for the creation of Ebonyi State. “If you look at the entire State, you see that people who are coming from other states will think that work is ongoing, but I tell you, nothing is happening. The project he is doing has nothing to do with the blue print designed by those who contributed to the creation of Ebonyi state.” “We don’t have master plan in this State. We don’t have any arrangement for tomorrow in this State. Look at human capital development, it is on zero level. Look at the health sector, it is dead. Look at the Ebonyi State university which is the second government we have in this state, it is dead and gone.” Udeogu further alleged that there was humongous fraud in the empowerment and loan schemes of the State government. “Look at the works and Agric sector, and the frauds surrounding the process of getting loans. You will ask people to apply for a loan at 20percent interest but you will give the loan to only two or three persons, and claim that you have given loans to the people”, he stated. But the State Commissioner for Information and State Orientation, Barr. Uchenna Orji described Mr Udeogu’s claims as a cheap blackmail, even as he urged the public to disregard it. “This is one of the series of cheap blackmail orchestrated by political detractors whose vaunting ambitions have reduced them into petty and rustic thinkers. The Governor of Ebonyi State, Engr. David Umahi has no time for such lies”, he said.