LAGOS – The president of Nige­ria Wrestling Federation (NWF), Honorable Daniel Igali has revealed all the targets he and other stake­holders in the grapplers’ sport aim to achieve from the organization of the 2021 Champion of Champions in the coming weekend. While confirming that the competition will take place at the ultra-mod­ern Theatre of Wrestling Complex in Yenizue Gene, Bayelsa State from this Fri­day, January 15 to Monday January 18, Igali noted that the contest will help put Nigeria’s Olympic Games hopefuls in prime shape ahead of a series of events that will take them to To­kyo, Japan later in the year. The NWF president, who is also Bayelsa State Com­missioner for Youth and Sports Development, dis­closed as well as that the federation will observe the prevailing COVID-19 proto­cols to the letter all through the course of the impend­ing competition commend­able prizes will be awarded to the eventual champions. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Igali added: “The Champi­on of Champions is an initia­tive of mine, and the reason for it is to get our Olympic hopefuls prepared for the African Championships and the Africa/Oceania Olympic qualification tournament coming up in early April. “The goal for this tourna­ment is to have the top 5 ath­letes in the Olympic weight classes to square off. So, all five of them will square off against each other. So, they will have four quality matches in the middle of January, just to get them prepared and to set the stage for the rest of the season. We plan to have prizes for them. NPFL: Plateau United Record First Win Spanish Giants Will Take On Arsenal To Sign £40m Rated Star “Baraza Multi-Purpose Society will help with some prizes. It will be COVID-19 compliant. We are only go­ing to allow the required number of people in the hall – just the coaches, the referees, the wrestlers and very essential staff. So, we are not hoping to have more than 80 people in the hall.”