Lagos- The Director-General, National Youth Service Corps (NYSC), Brigadier-General Shuaibu Ibrahim has directed all State Coordinators of the scheme and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) to ensure stricter compliance with COVID-19 prevention and safety protocols in all camps and other formations nationwide. The Director-General gave the charge during an interaction with the management of the Scheme and officials of the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) during a virtual meeting held as part of preparations for the conduct of the forthcoming Batch “B” Stream II Orientation Course scheduled to commence on the 19th of January 2021. Mrs. Adenike Adeyemi, Director, Press and Public Relations in a statement said the DG expressed gratitude to the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 and the NCDC for considering re-opening of the orientation camps and noted that corps members are critical change agents in the national development agenda, saying that the scheme will continue to effectively harness their potential in the health, education and other vital sectors of the national economy. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He added that “Necessary facilities that will enhance compliance with COVID-19 prevention and safety protocols have been provided in the camps while prospective corps members and camp officials will all be subjected to COVID-19 tests as a precondition for entry into the Orientation Camps”. To this end, Ibrahim announced that Corps Vanguards and enforcement teams have been constituted for all the Camps, as part of measures to ensure strict compliance, as well as support the national response efforts in stemming the tide of the new wave of the pandemic. TRCN Debunks Alleged Diversion Of Fund 24 Families Face Eviction As Panel Issues Quit Notice To Ekiti Varsity Land Encroachers The NCDC team led by Dr. Oyeladun Okunromade in their various presentations during the meeting described the NYSC’s response to COVID-19 pandemic as a functional model, currently being considered for replication in other sectors to enhance community testing, thus, safeguarding the health of the nation. Dr. Okunromade expressed satisfaction with the facilities put in place to enhance compliance with the COVID-19 Prevention and Safety Protocols in the previous Orientation programmes and called for increased vigilance and cooperation to consolidate the success already recorded for subsequent Orientation exercises.