Nancy Pelosi, House Speaker, has called for the immediate re­moval of President Donald Trump or Congress may proceed to impeach him. Pelosi on Thursday joined those calling on the Cabinet to invoke the 25th Amendment to force Trump from office. It came a day after a violent mob of Trump supporters stormed the Capitol, forcing the build­ing into lockdown. Trump called them “very special” people and said he loved them. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! She said at the Capitol: “The president of the Unit­ed States incited an armed insurrection against Amer­ica.” Pelosi said he could do further harm to the coun­try: “Any day can be a hor­ror show for America.” Aliyu Hails Bello, FCT Minister @62 Yobe Appoints New Grand Khadi For Sharia Court Democrats and some Republicans want Trump removed before his term ends on January 20 with Democrat Joe Biden’s in­auguration. The 25th Amendment al­lows for the vice president and a majority of the Cabi­net to declare the president unfit for office. The vice president then becomes acting president. Three House Democrats, including Southern Cali­fornia congressman Ted Lieu, have started circu­lating articles of impeach­ment seeking the presi­dent’s removal. “Yesterday was a despi­cable and shameful mo­ment in American history. We must impeach and re­move the President,” Lieu tweeted. Additionally, Sen. Chuck Schumer, the top ranking Democrat in the Senate, on Thursday called on Trump’s cabinet to invoke the 25th Amendment. In a statement Thursday, Schumer said the attack on the Capitol “was an insur­rection against the United States, incited by the pres­ident.” He added, “This president should not hold office one day longer.” If Pence and the Cabinet won’t act, Schumer says “Congress should recon­vene to impeach the pres­ident.” The violence at the Cap­itol building came as Con­gress met to affirm Joe Biden’s win in the presi­dential election. Four people died, includ­ing a 35-year-old woman from San Diego who was shot by police, authorities said. The three others suf­fered medical emergencies. Dozens of others have been arrested, with police and federal authorities still searching for many others involved in the riots.