LAGOS- Though 2021 is yet to enter its second week, some Nigerian artistes have recorded notable achievements in their music craft. No doubt, 2020 was a year for many Nigerian artistes to build their careers, and the already built ones just had to maintain them. Below is a compilation of 5 Nigerian artistes who have recorded notable achievements in the first week of January. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Wizkid’s ‘Made In Lagos’ album re-enters Billboard: for the Afrobeat living legend, making music and bagging awards/recognitions comes with “No stress”. However, it is imperative to acknowledge one, when he attains or earns it. JUST IN: French Fashion Designer Pierre Cardin Dies Aged 98 ‘Demon Slayer’ Becomes Japan’s Top-Grossing Movie Wizkid released his fourth studio album titled ‘Made In Lagos’ on October 30, and since then, it has been from awards to awards. Nominations for this album as the best album of the year is clearly over 4, from reputable organizations. As at January 5, Billboard World albums charts announced ‘Made In Lagos’ made its way back into the Billboard charts at no. 15. This is a huge feat worth celebrating. Recall that at the release of the album, it debuted at no 15 on UK Albums Charts and at no 80 on US Billboard 200. Omah Lay- Godly ranks no 1 song in Naija for 5 weeks: fast rising Afro fusion artiste, Omah Lay is one of the break-through artistes of the year 2020. With his melodious high life voice, he has been able to capture the hearts of many. Godly, one of the hit tracks from his EP Get layd released in 2020, extended its record for longest no. 1 in Top 50 history after spending 5 weeks back to back at the top. Godly, tallied a fourth week at No. 1 on radio chart with 45.8 million radio airplay audience impression (down 2.96%). It stays atop the streaming chart for a third week with 2.75 million equivalent streams (down 1.78%) and jumps to No. 15 on TV chart with 5.19 million TV airplay audience impression (up 64.24%). As a result, Godly becomes the last No. 1 song of 2020 and the first No. 1 of 2021. Davido’s Jowo hit 7 Million streams on YouTube: Jowo is one of the songs in the highly-rated album “A Better Time“, which was released on November 2020. As at January 4, Davido and his fans jubilated as the video of his song Jowo hit 7 million streams on YouTube. To chip in, the singer recently revealed he has just been appointed a director in his father’s billionaire company. Laycon Bags Chieftaincy Title in Ogun State: Popular Fierce crooner and president of the Icons world, Olamilekan Agbeleshe better known as Laycon, recently added another achievements to his fleet. Being the winner of the BBNaija season 5 was the starting point for the singer’s achievements. So far, he has bagged over 6 ambassadorial deals to his career and just recently he was appointed Akweje of Ipokia kingdom in Ogun State, on Sunday 3rd of January. DJ Kaywise High way Ranks No 1 on Apple Music: On January 5, popular Disk jockey DJ Kaywise celebrated an early achievement coming in 2021. DJ Kaywise took to Twitter to celebrate his single “High Way”, featuring Phyno as it ranks no1 on Apple Music Nigeria. This his latest release ‘High Way‘ featuring Phyno is a follow up “What Type Of Dance” which had Mayorkun, Naira Marley and Zlatan as guest acts.