A former member representing Ajeromi Ifelodun Constituency at the Lower Chamber of the National Assembly, Honourable Rita Orji has celebrated with party leaders and members of Lagos State Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) when she distributed palliatives to them. The party secretariat came alive on Thursday when members of the major opposition party gathered to receive food items, like bags of rice, cartons of noodles spaghetti and other edibles in an atmosphere of peace The members who were visibly  elated by the action of the former lawmaker, were full of praise for her, expressing joy that what happened was a sign of good thing to come in the party which recently has been torn between leadership supremacy. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Orji took time to speak with the members on the need for peace and unity, stressing that a house divided against it would not stand. She maintained that PDP always won elections in Lagos State but regretted that the problem had been the issue of leaders who never wanted to win elections. She said, “We have always won elections in Lagos State but some leaders who never wanted to win elections have been the ones robbing us of our victory. We must come together as one House and strategize to take over Lagos in 2023” Mrs. Oyetola Welcomes Osun First Baby 2021 Buhari’s New Year Address, Empty, Directionless- PDP The PDP leader in a chat with journalists said that she decided to give back to the people because, as a patriotic member of the party she knew the party was not in power and having distributed the palliatives to her constituents she decided to also share to the other 19 Local Government Areas in the State, since most them don’t have serving representatives. The lawmaker used the opportunity to refute allegation of any crack in  the party, stressed that the issue had been leaders who were not ready to win elections and those who sincerely want to win elections. She appealed to members to work as a team, pointing out that it was actually bad followers that would always produce bad leaders. He said that PDP in Lagos is one and everybody must work for the success of the party. Otunba Segun Adewale popularly called Aeroland, former chairman of the party in Lagos State, took time to eulogise Orji, stating that she is a strong party leader who won the last general election  in her constituency with a very wide margin  but was denied victory through the effort of some PDP leaders. Adewale appealed to the party leaders to allow those who can win elections contest during elections. He said that in Ajeromi Ifelodun, nobody should contest the constituency with Orji. He used the opportunity to also appeal to Chief Olabode George for support, stressing that nobody should trouble the former lawmaker because she has what it takes to win Ajeromi  Ifelodun constituency without much effort since she is in total control of the area. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION