A group, Concerned Youth stakeholders of APC Kwara Chapter, has rejected the removal of Hon. Bashir Bolarinwa as the caretaker chairman of the party in the state. The group, at a press briefing in Ilorin, said it would explore all options to fight the injustice perpetrated by some people in the party. “We emphatically state that we are sad and uncomfortable with the turn of events in Kwara State Chapter of our party, All Progressives Congress (APC). ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “The recent developments in Kwara APC, sad as it is, is returning Kwara to the bad old days of naked wielding of political power by few privileged to overrun the wishful will of the people, more so in a party that prides itself as a progressive party. “We had hoped and expected every politician of conscience worth his or her onions will play by the rules to ensure a popular party leadership is installed at the convention. Jonathan Emerges Africa’s Peace, Security Leader Of Year 2020 Nnamdi Kanu Being Sponsored To Thwart Igbo Chances Of Presidency In 2023 – Group “We are, however, estrange when another letter surfaced on social media purportedly appointing Hon. Abdullahi Samari as Kwara APC Caretaker Chairman, allegedly because Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq claimed he is not comfortable working with Hon. Bashir Omolaja Bolarinwa,” Ishowo Yakub, spokesman of the group, said. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that no fewer than 15 members of the group attended the press conference. They included Hon. Kazeem Bolanta, Jamiu Olaitan, Soliu Isiaka,, Badeji Adetunji, John Adegboye and Ahmed Akorede. Also present at the forum were Adekunle Benjamin, Sulaiman Olamilekan, Olabode Sulyman, Ndagi Salihu, Harun Danladi,Muhammed Ndagi, Adamu Abdullahi, and Salihu Shero. The group, which deplored the development in the party, said it was a “ a precedence in which the fate of the entire citizenry of Nigeria is now in the hands of a few power drunks holding grip of the APC!” “We say to them, this illegality and rape of our party’s constitution will not stand. “On this note, let it be clear that whatever it is that has been agreed to by our governor and his collaborators will never stand in our dear Kwara State. “We have resolved to explore every means possible to ensure that this sacrilege does not stand,” the group said.