PORT-HARCOURT – Stakeholders in the Ama­teur League, Division One have called for the immedi­ate sack of the coach of the national team, Super Eagles, Gernot Rohr for failure to live up to expectations. This is even as they called for the establishment of a second outstanding Nation­al Team with the bulk of the players from the local league in the country that should be able to compete favorably with the foreign players of Nigerian descent. Speaking exclusively at the weekend with Independent Sports, the owner and Pro­prietor of Ituen International Football Club in Uyo, Akwa Ibom state, Hon Idongesit Itu­en said that since he was em­ployed by the Nigerian Foot­ball Federation (NFF) some years ago, Rohr has not added any significant value to the nation’s football development. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “If I am given the oppor­tunity, Rohr has no reason to spend one night again in Nige­ria. I own one of the best clubs in this country and my coach is the former assistant coach of the Super Eagles, Tony Ji­bonu who worked with Austin Eguavoen as a national coach then. “Rohr has failed to under­stand that there are many tal­ented footballers in Nigeria. Rohr was hired to add value to our football culture. Every­body has seen that this man has not developed our football beyond what he met upon his arrival. February Festival Date Remains Sacrosanct –Minister 2020/2021 NPFL: Rangers International Beat Akwa United 1-0 “My thinking is that when­ever the national team files out to play with 11 players, we should have at least three to four home based players in that squad. The coach should mold them. Why should all our players be foreign based? Rohr is not tactically and technically sound enough to handle a team like the Super Eagles”, he fumed. Ituen further noted that Ni­gerians love football and they want to be happy. “In the area of goal keeping, my club’s goalkeeper was invited to the Under- 17 camp with 17 other goalkeepers and he made the first three. He just finished from Secondary School then. We need a coach that can add value to our football develop­ment. We were supposed to have a standing second na­tional team with players that play within African region”. He called on the national coach to encourage the local players to stay at home and play well before they move out of the country. “But today, ev­ery player wants to go to abroad because our national coach believes that only the foreign players are the best. My opin­ion is that the NFF should find another job for Gernot Rohr and look for a better coach for our National Team. “I am already mobilizing my colleagues in the amateur league. We will soon make a statement and press it on. In England there is a law that lo­cal players must be incorpo­rated into the national teams. The same applies. We should have a coach that will devel­op our football culture. Rohr must go”, he said. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION