Group under the aegis of Urhobo Traditional Council Of Chiefs Lagos (UTCCL) has given account of its stewardship after four years of meritorious service to the people of  Urhobo resident in Lagos. The Group in a statement signed by its Chairman, Osu R’ Urhobo of Lagos, High Chief Vincent Ahwi and Secretary. The event was subsequently highlighted a thanksgiving service for a successful four years of service to Urhobo people resident in Lagos. The event, which was held on Sunday, January 10th, 2021 at St. Andrews Anglican Church Cathedral, Prince Tajudeen Adio Crescent, Off Okun Owa Street, Olodi-Apapa, Lagos. The Group recalled that since its inauguration in November 4th, 2016 under the auspices of the of Urhobo Progress Union (UPU) Lagos, it has encountered challenging moments which include series of court cases and the death of their aged members, Papa Williams Okagbare and Mama Margaret Diaso who are now resting in the bosom of the Lord Je- sus Christ. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “There was also, the tragic incident of herdsmen kidnapping in which three of our members were miraculously saved by God miraculously and they are alive to this day. Hallelujah!” they stated disclosed. The Group appreciably stated that despite the challenges noted above, it had recorded a modest and monumental success that include the appointment of an Urhobo son as an Honourable Commissioner for the first time ever in history of Urhobo residents in Lagos State, adding that the recognition of the South South geopolitical zone by the amiable Executive Governor of Lagos State, Mr. Babajide Olushola Sanwo–Olu as stakeholders for the first time ever is another credible achievement. 2021: Wike Seeks God’s Face To Govern Rivers Oba Ewuare II Fetes Journalists As First Rain In Year 2021 Falls In Benin The Council called for the support and prayers of the Urhobo people, stressing that it is only fair that they show appreciation to Almighty God for His goodness and abundance of mercies. “It is our belief that from the above-mentioned achievements in fours (4) years, it is worth celebrating and Thanking God, COVID -19 not- withstanding,” the statement read.