…Imposition Of George Obiozor Will Be Death Of Ohaneze LAGOS – Dr Promise Onyewuchim, an associate professor of political science and international relations Ekwueme has appealed to  Igbo leaders and members of inner caucus of Ohanaeze Ndigbo to ensure that Ohanaeze Ndigbo is separated from partisan politics. Onyewuchim, a former Secretary of Akaikenga, Federal Capital Territory maintained that to avert leadership crisis in Ohaneze, the first thing to be done should be to separate Ohaneze from partisan politics and from the grips of elected or appointed government officials of the state, stressing that Ohaneze must remain apolitical. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The university don said that another important issue that should be tackled was for the forthcoming election to be held in a neutral ground and Enugu, the headquarters which has been agreed for years should remain the venue for the elections. While warning that George Obiozor should not be imposed on the socio-cultural organization, the lecturer stressed that a free, fair, transparent and credible election as it affects section 11(b) of Ohaneze constitution should be allowed. Fayemi’s Wife Presents Gifts To Babies Of The Year 2021 Erelu Fayemi Urges Expectant Mothers To Access Modern Public Health Facilities He said, “Anything short of these would lead to the death of a united Ohaneze but God would not allow that to happen. I am therefore calling on our elders, traditional rulers , religious leaders and all igbos to rise up and save ohaneze from extinction. “My views just like those of the majority of the stakeholders is for Ndigbo to insist on fairness, equity and  the right things to be done by the outgoing leadership. Ndigbo will resist and reject any form of imposition or coronation of someone by selected few selfish individuals.” The pioneer secretary of Southeast People’s Assembly (SEPA) under the leadership of Dr. Alex Ekwueme pointed out that a bad precedent was about to be set and that would definitely destroy the only umbrella that covers all Igbo. He stressed that it was unanimously agreed  years back when Chief Garry Igariwe was elected that from then, all major events and activities of Ohaneze would be at Enugu, the headquarters of Ndigbo. The Ohaneze chieftain said that elections were being rotated without being teleguided. He said; “Prof. Joe Irukwu from Abia state was elected as the PG at Owerri, Imo state. “Similarly, after Prof. Irukwu, Dr. Dozie Ikedife from Anambra state was elected at Umuahia, Abia state as Ohaneze President General. Late Amb. Ralph Uwechue from Delta state got elected at Awka in Anambra state as the Ohaneze President. “Chief Garry Igariwe from Ebonyi state was elected at Enugu as and Ndigbo unanimously resolved that from then, all elections and major events of Ohaneze would hold at Enugu, the headquarters of Ohaneze and ndigbo in general. “This decision of Ohaneze started with the election of my senior friend and associate Chief Nnia Nwodo in Enugu. So, why will they change the decision of Ndigbo just to achieve a predetermined agenda of coronating a “Joseph” that knows “Pharoah”. He regretted that this would  be the first in the history of Ohaneze that a State that would produce the Presudent General would  also host the election. He stressed that it would be  a bad precedent if allowed to take place, and probably the  death of Ohaneze and Igbo unity. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION