Bishop Titus Akanabu, Chairman Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) Imo Chapter has asked for the government’s sincerity in tackling insecurity across the nation. The General Overseer of Seed Of Life Christian Mission, Owerri, who lamented the waste of lives in the country expressed worry that humans were valued less than animals. He appealed to Christians to keep praying for the peace and progress of the land, while stating, “On our own side as men of God part of our primary assignment is to pray to God. As missionaries prayer is important to consolidate God’s works.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Giving thanks to God for His mercy over Nigeria especially in subduing coronavirus (COVID-19) he said if not God that the cases would have been worse than imagined, even as he expressed that the reports of the second wave was not beyond God’s control. He also viewed that COVID-19 vaccine and the administration were free to be accepted or declined by Nigerians. COVID-19 And Satanic Manipulations Of Humanity Deeper Life Concludes Retreat, Says Pandemic Can’t Frustrate God’s Plan “The Bible said we should respect every authority of man. We should pray for them and submit to the ordinances of the land where we belong. However, there have been a lot of intricacies and about this pandemic right from the early part of 2020 but the Almighty God was gracious to save us. “At least whatever happened in other parts of the world was not experienced severely here in Nigeria. In as much we won’t say no to the ordinance of the government but in terms of medicine you have the right to say ‘yes’ or ‘no’ to being injected. It is not compulsory to be injected. In any medical situation that requires surgery, there is usually someone that signs to give permission for the surgery to be carried out. But if the person refuses the medical doctors leave the person. “The faith of every human must be respected. We should depend on the Almighty God who has kept us. If not for God all of us would have perished. You know the number of people that perished in America, Italy, China and the rest of the world. God Has actually granted us grace.” Akanabu at the International Crusade of The Lord’s Chosen Charismatic Revival Ministries(TLCCRM) tagged ‘What God Has Determined Shall Be Done’ held January 2 to 5 in Mgbidi, Imo State, applauded the General Overseer, Pastor Lazarus Muoka, for his efforts over Nigeria, liberating lives, consolidating the works of Christ and heralding His second coming. “Your value is your brand, by every ramification the Lord’s Chosen Charismatic Revival Ministries is a Pentecostal church. What Pastor Lazarus Muoka is doing is the work of unification and consolidation of the body of Christ which he may not know. This is what PFN stands for. Christ taught us to do so. This is why the church has to join PFN,”Akanabu added. He as well noted the efforts of PFN in ensuring good governance in the state. Stating further, “PFN has been a serious Christian body in Imo and has been doing a great work in praying for the government. We have not been privileged to have smooth governance in the last three years. We have been having a kind of vibratory leadership. “PFN belongs to CAN, so we play major roles. At the moment we have been touring 27 local governments of the state sending messages of hope and courage because where we live is full of discouragement. We also get close to those in government to let them know the groaning of the people, civil servants and pensioners included.”