Kinsmen of Muftau Waliu Olayemi, the former Head of Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, DS Adegbenro Polytechnic, Ewekoro, who was assassinated last November have demanded full scholarship for two children of the slain lecturer from Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun. The kinsmen in a letter addressed to Governor Abiodun dated 30th of December, 2020, a copy of which was made available to our Correspondent also demanded thorough investigation into the assassination. Signed by both Alhaji Nasrudeen AbdulHafeez and Engr. Yusuf Ishaq on behalf of Concerned Saki Youth, the kinsmen said the entire family of the Saki-born deceased Engineer and the entire community have been thrown into state of mourning and shock. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to the group, Muftau’s widow and his two children of four and two respectively, now face an uncertain future while the latter’s chance of getting education looks gloom and uncertain. The group said the only thing that can assuage the pains is to have the murder thoroughly investigated as well as scholarship for the children up to University level. Kidnapping: Lalong Ready To Sign Death Warrants On Convicts Police Command Arrests 300 Violators Of COVID-19 Protocols “Due to his brilliance and very sound intellect, he was a mentor to many youth in our dear Town of Saki and he was a pride to the Community. “Furthermore, on account of his brilliance and dedication to his assignment, he had a very meteoric rise in the academia as he was already the Head of his Department before he clocked 35 years of age. “Since his death, his beloved wife of 6 years and his two little daughters ages 4 and 2 respectively, his family, friends, and the entire community have been thrown into a state of mourning and shock following the murder of such a promising asset to the Community, State, and Nation. “Following Muftau Waliu’s murder, his wife and Children now face an uncertain future, particularly, the Children whose chances of getting the best education now looks gloom and uncertain. This is because Muftau Waliu Olayemi’s parents are also deceased while his beloved wife had also been orphaned many years back. “However, what can assuage our pains is to have his murder thoroughly investigated and the culprits brought to book as well as having the Ogun State Government which he served meritoriously to award scholarship to his children up University level.” Olayemi was assassinated November by yet to be identified assailants who accosted him from his place or work and gunned him down until he was dead.