Everyone will reach the departure lounge of death someday, but what makes each person’s demise different is their contribution to the society they left behind. Prince Shaka Momoh was known to many as a wealthy investor and owner of Planet One. But for stakeholders in the entertainment, tourism and hospitality industry, he was much more. He breathed new life into the industry when he could and this is what has made his death so painful to practitioners in the industry. Following the lifestyle enthusiast’s death as a result of COVID-19 on Thursday, January 14, Saturday Tourism reached out to a few stakeholders and here is what they had to say. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Efe Omorogbe, (Buckwyld Media) When we were doing shows and stuff at Planet One, he was very supportive. Not just of us but of the entire music industry. At a time, that was the spot for everything on the Mainland. The way the establishment dealt with a lot of us showed that they had a desire to contribute to the industry beyond just getting paid and rendering a service. They displayed a clear desire to support the industry to higher heights, it is a huge loss to us all and my heart goes out to his immediate family, friends and associates. COVID-19 is not a joke. People Discouraged Me When I left My Job For Comedy – Zicsaloma Second Wave Of COVID-19: Kogi Govt Releases N3bn To Lift The Poor, Vulnerable Mike Dada (AFRIMA) First of all, one is devastated by the news. Shaka was a jolly good fellow and a contributor to the development of the entertainment industry in Nigeria, He invested in entertainment infrastructure in his lifetime and also supported many artistes and contributed to the hospitality and tourism industry as well. He played his part, he was friendly and unassuming. We met several times and I can say he was a fantastic man. I am still in shock really. This is the devastating part of COVID-19, which means it can happen to anyone. It is very unfortunate. Gbenga Adeyinka CFR (Laffmatazz) Prince Shaka Momoh was one of those people that did so much on the mainland. At a point, if you wanted to have an event, the place to go was the Island. If you wanted to have fun too, it was all on the Island, but Prince Momoh started Planet One. It was like he put a wall across Third Mainland Bridge and practically all the big events started to happen at Planet One. This was even despite the fact that they had no parking space, it was a vibe and the place to be. I remember that he always called me to say “let’s do something, let’s do comedy here together and we even started a small comedy thing at Planet One back in the day because of him. He would be remembered for good, he was a great guy. I remember that we had the Star rebranding there and a few other events that ordinarily would have been done on the Island. He should be described as one of the fathers of modern Ikeja.