P/HARCOURT  – Nigerian Customs Service said it has generated the sum of N1,562,115,419,216.32 for the year 2020. DAILY INDEPENDENT learnt that the said amount superseded the expected revenue target of N1,380,765,353,462.00 and also more than the sum of N1,342,006,918,504.55 generated in 2019 despite the covid-19 pandemic. This disclosure was made last week in a press release signed by the Nigerian Customs Public Relations officer Deputy Comptroller Joseph Attah. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Col, Hameed Ibrahim Ali (Retd) the Comptroller-General of Customs, while commenting on the achievement, described it as a result of resolute pursuit of what is right and willingness to adapt to changes brought about by global health challenges occasioned by covid-19. Ali noted that, “the service revenue generation profile has continued to be on the rise annually as the ongoing reforms in the Service insist on: Strategic deployment of officers strictly using the standard operating procedure. NAOC Faults Ijaw Youths On Claims Of Victimisation Bizman Tasks Companies On Social Responsibility “Strict enforcement of extant guidelines by the tariff and trade department and Automation of the Customs process thereby eliminating vices associated with the manual process; Robust stakeholder sensitisation resulting in more informed/ voluntary compliance. Increased disposition of officers and men to put national interest above selves.” He further stated that the partial border closure which has forced cargoes that could have been smuggled through the porous borders to come through the sea and airports raised revenue collection from ports, and also accounted for the increase in revenue generation, stressing that “before the commencement of the border drill on August 20, 2019, revenue generation was between N4 billion to N5 billion, but now NCS generate between N5 billion to N9 billion daily.” The Comptroller equally attributed diplomatic engagements that took place during the partial land border closure as one of the factors that yielded many positive results, including commitment to comply with the ECOWAS Protocol on Transit. He also identified Operationalisation of joint border patrols at both sides of the border, intelligence sharing and prevention of transit of prohibited goods into the neighbor’s territory as key factors even as he stated that the Service wishes to express its readiness to strictly implement the outcome of the diplomatic engagements as the land borders open for movement of cargoes. Ali insisted that the Intelligence gathered during the period and the introduction of the e-Customs whose components include installation of scanners at all entry points would enhance border security and boost national trade facilitation. He disclosed that the Ministry of Finance has purchased three new Scanners, adding that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has also expressed commitment to purchasing four Scanners and establishing the control center for monitoring of all scanning sites in their bid to boost national economy, especially agricultural sector. This, he says “means that within the next six months, NCS will have about seven functional Scanners to be mounted at strategic entry points even before the full deployment of e-Customs components which would see to the deployment of 135 modern Scanners”,the statement Continued. However, Ali insisted that Nigerian Customs Service appreciated and commended the leadership of CBN for the strategic intervention in the interest of the nation while praising the Service efforts in preventing the entry of items that could compromise the Security of the citizens, Economy and the well-being of the people which resulted in the seizures of 4,304 assorted items with a duty paid value of N28,287,285,847.52. These seizures according to him include arms, ammunitions, illicit drugs, used clothing, vegetable oil, frozen poultry and foreign rice among others that have grave consequences on economy security and well-being of Nigerians.