Uyo- A socio-cultural group, Oro Progressives Movement has declared that the Oro nation accounts for not less than 80% of the derivable oil revenue of Akwa Ibom State. The group justifies its claims with the number of oil producing companies operating in its territory. In a chat with newsmen in Uyo on Monday, National President of the group, Ken Edet Effiong Bassey who presented the claims to justify the appointment of Mr. Effiong Akwa as interim Administrator of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) said Oro resource endowment and contributions to the nation must not be ignored. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Oro accounts for not less than 80% of the derivable oil revenue of Akwa Ibom State who is equally a major oil producing companies operating on its territory, 5 off-shores namely; Monipulo, Addax, ExxonMobil, TotalFinaELF, Afren and three On-shore, Viz; Associated Oil, Universal Energy and Septre Energy. “With this verifiable evidence, we have been largely marginalized in managerial appointments in the NDDC until this recent call to service of Barr Effiong Akwa. Therefore, this laudable gesture should be sustained”, he said. Edeoha Community In Rivers Gets New Chiefs Ijaw Youths Back NDDC Sole Administrator The group however disclosed that they are in peace talks with Ijaw youths to douse the tension and opposition generated from his recent appointment as interim administrator of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC). Bassey disclosed that they had sent emissaries to engage the Ijaw youths in diplomatic discussions aimed at ending the sentiments against Akwa’s appointment. The group’s National President said that the Oro and Ijaw ethnic groups share the same historical and cultural affinity in spite of the geographical distance and hence are brothers. ”We are brothers. We have reached out to them formally and informally. The truth is that the diplomatic gestures is already yielding fruits because some of them are no longer in support of any protest they were planning to have in January and all of that.” ”If you see in one of our prayers which we said a call to brotherhood. By historical facts, the Oro and Ijaws are brothers not just by geographical location of where we are. That is why you will see that the recent report from the Obolo Council attested to the fact that we are brothers.” ”And of course, the challenges of the Niger Delta is such that what should unite us is the squalor, the neglect, the marginalization cut across.” ”So sometimes we could become overzealous to try to vent our anger on certain things but the main challenge of the Niger Delta cuts across all the parts of the Niger Delta. So we are brothers. We have reached to them and are still reaching out to them”. The group’s president called for close monitoring of projects in the Niger Delta to stem the tide of NDDC abandoned projects which has littered virtually all states of the region. ”Sometimes some projects were not properly defined in certain areas and communities and there were multiplications of projects. Sometimes even between states and the commission”, he said.