The Ogun State Government says it has put in place a surviv­al and sustainability strategy, which will ensure enduring policies and programmes that are people-oriented. The State Commissioner for Budget and Planning, Mr. Olaolu Olabimtan, stated this when he and his counterpart in the Ministry of Finance, Mr. Dapo Okuboyejo, received the National Economic Council Implementation Committee (NEC-IMC) delegation from Abuja at Oke-Mosan, Abeo­kuta. Olabimtan pointed out that the present administration, by the sustainability strategy, presupposes that it works with laws and not executive order which makes its programmes not open to political interfer­ence and would outlive the present government. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Olabimtan said: “Our pol­icies and programmes are not subject to political inter­ferences’’, highlighting some of the policies that had been facilitated by the administra­tion to become law to include fiscal responsibility law, Secu­rity Trust Fund law, Statistics law, Citizens Registration law and Public Procurement law, among others. Meanwhile, the state gov­ernment says it is being thor­ough in setting up its security outfit, code-named ’Amotekun’, to ensure a seamless relation­ship between it and other con­ventional security agencies. Niger Tertiary Institutions To Resume January 24 – Govt Philanthropist Offers Scholarships To Indigent Students The Special Adviser to the Governor on Security, AIG Olu­sola Subair (Rtd.), who briefed the team, said before now, the government had been taking its time in advancing harmo­nious working relationship be­tween the outfit and other secu­rity agencies, adding that fund for the purchase of necessary equipment and security gad­gets, as well as patrol vehicles for the agency, has been drawn from the pool of the Ogun State Security Trust Fund. Subair also noted that the state government was on the verge of installing Close Cir­cuit Television (CCTV) at stra­tegic locations across the State, especially in border areas to monitor security threats. The security chief also informed that the state was also proposing three security control centres, as well as build­ing a safe city from where all security intelligence would be harnessed, while monitoring the movements of security personnel.