LAGOS – Following the increase in the number of recorded cas­es of Coronavirus in Lagos State, Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu has extended the ‘work from home’ directive to all state public servants on Grade Levels 14 and below to Monday, February 1, 2021. Sanwo-Olu’s directive was contained in a circular to members of the State Exec­utive Council (SEC) and all heads of Ministries, Depart­ments and Agencies (MDAs) issued by the Head of Service (HoS), Hakeem Muri-Okuno­la, on Saturday. The directive on the exten­sion of the resumption date for Grade Level 14 and below from January 18 to February 1 was taken by the governor to successfully curtail the spread of the second wave of COVID-19 pandemic in the state. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Sanwo-Olu, who said the directive excluded essential duty staff, as well as first re­sponders, enjoined all public servants to stay safe and keep adhering to all COVID-19 pro­tocols to rid the state of the pandemic in the shortest pos­sible time. The circular, entitled ‘Re: Stemming the tide of the second wave of COVID-19 – Extension of the Work from home directive’, also directed all Accounting Officers to en­sure strict compliance with all extant directives aimed to guarantee physical and social distancing in the work place. SWAIAP Boss Laments High Debt Profile, Says Nigeria Heading Back To Pre-2006 Era Family Appeals To Sanwo-Olu On Onibeju Stool “Sequel to Head of Service Circulars Nos: CIR/HOS/’20/ Vol.1/139 of 18th December, 2020 and CIR/HOS/’21/ Vol.1/001 of 3rd January, 2021 and in furtherance of the state government’s effort to successfully curtail the spread of the second wave of COVID-19 pandemic in the state, it is hereby notified for general information that Mr. Governor, Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu, has extended the work from home directive to all state public servants on Grade Levels 14 and below with effect from Monday, h January 18 till Monday, Feb­ruary 1, 2021. Expectedly, the directive excludes essential duty staff, as well as first re­sponders. “Public servants are there­fore, enjoined to stay safe by adherence to all COVID-19 Protocols. “Additionally, Accounting Officers are to ensure strict compliance with all extant di­rectives aimed to guarantee physical/social distancing in the work place; through week­ly preparation of duty rosters as considered germane to the effective service delivery of respective Ministries, Depart­ments and Agencies.