Title: Nigeria: Democracy Without Development, How to Fix it Author: Omano Edigheji, PhD Reviewer: Hussaini Abdu, PhD ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Publishers: A’Lime Media Limited and Zeezi Oasis No Of Pages: 196 Like Oluwatomi Somefun, Like Nneka Onyeali-Ikpe? Fayose Dedicates New Year To Giving Globally, democracy has been under significant and critical interrogation – both in the advanced and new democracies. The interrogations are informed by increasing right-wing populism, inequality and poverty, slow economic growth and shrinking civic space. No time has democracy been this interrogated since the end of the Second World War. Dr. Edigheji has through his new book, Nigeria: Democracy without Development, How to Fix It, joined this global conversation albeit from a different perspective. It is a welcome addition to this genre of literature, though looking at the situation from Nigerian and indeed African perspectives. Using institutional and development lenses, the book addresses the paradoxical relationship between democracy and development in Nigeria. It examines what the author considered as the root causes of democratic failures in Nigeria and argues that Nigeria lacks the internal organisational structure and ideological orientation to promote inclusive sustainable development. While recognising the importance of the normative values of democracy including rule of law and civil liberties, the author argued, passionately that they are not sufficient conditions for human development, which should be the essence of democracy. The book is structured into five chapters, excluding the preface, which introduces the book, and the postscript where the author shared his dream for Nigeria. Chapter one examines the trajectory of Nigerian democracy – particularly the historical interphase between democracy and military authoritarian rule and the associated struggles that resulted in the 4th Republic. The author uses his insider experiences to debunk what he called a “sectionalisation” of the narratives of the struggle, arguing that it was a national struggle. The second chapter examines the development challenges of democracy in Nigeria. Extensively using secondary statistics of different sources, the chapter specifically examines the different themes of exclusionary social outcomes including unemployment and underemployment, poverty, inequality, food insecurity, high maternal mortality and stunted growth amongst children and low investment in education. The chapter concludes that successive administration in the democratic dispensation has not only failed to transform the structure of the economy but also contributed to fostering a non-inclusive economic outcome (pp. 42). The third chapter focuses on the political leadership and the lack of development nationalism and what the author called “valueless politics.” The author bemoaned the “rent-seeking” and predatory character of the political elite and attributed the socio-economic crisis of Nigeria to the absence of both a coalition of developmental elites and broad developmentalist coalition in the groups that have been in power since 1999 (pp. 47). This lack of clear development commitments is associated with an observed lack of “clear cut ideology” by the two dominant parties that have been in power since 1999. Therefore, electoral politics is not based on party manifestos, but rather on “meaningless sloganeering”. Politics in the country is thus believed to be devoid of loyalty, honesty, integrity, ideology, principles and intellectualism. To buttress these points, the author examined some of the negative attributes of the system – including godfatherism, lack of internal party democracy, corruption, ethno-religious divisions and mobilisation. Others include neglect of the health sector, poor governance and lack of comprehensive development vision and conflict and insecurity that pervade the country. Chapter four analyses the institutional deficits of Nigerian democracy. Using the examples of South-east Asia and Nordic countries, the author observed that the state institutions have become a structural liability to democracy. The years of corruption, quota system and lack of merit in public service recruitment and leadership recruitment have perverted the system, increased the cost of governance, corruption and undermined job-security and professionalism. As a result of these anomalies and decay, the system is unable to attract its best and brightest. The author specifically emphasised the value of institutions to development. He observed that democratic developmentalism is largely driven by technocratic public policy and requires a bureaucracy that is competent, professional, disciplined and efficient. In the last chapter, the author provides strong recommendations on how to build a shared prosperous future through a democratic developmental state. Some of the key recommendations include diversifying the economy through industrialisation and manufacturing, building the political, technical and organisational capacities of the state and enhancing bureaucratic efficiency.