The people of Ilawe-Ekiti have been admonished to embrace good virtues and be their brothers’ keepers.. The Alawe, Oba Ajibade Alabi, also Chairman of Ekiti State Council of Traditional Rulers gave this admonition during a  COVID-19  compliant New Year Prayer session held at the palace. A statement  made available to journalists by Alawe’ Media Adviser  Chief Ajibade Olubunmi said the  prayer was  attended by select  members of Alawe in Council and women Chiefs . ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The Oba  Alabi prayed for  peace ,unity and progress of thecimmunity urging the stakeholders in the onerous task of  creating a new Ilawe. The foremost monarch thanked the Chiefs and other indigenes of the town for their support and   advised those who are  evil-minded to change from  their ways and embrace peace  in order to avoid the wrath of God. Lecturer Found Dead In Ebonyi Nnewi Factory Fire: Firm Seeks FG, State Govt Help As 40 Workers Go Jobless “Ilawe will continue to witness positive developments in all spheres of life but there is the need for the people to be united both in prayers and in  deeds”,the Alawe said Oba Alabi who was with his wife,Olori Abimbola Alabi at the prayer session, devoted part of his prayers  to God’s protection over  the youths of  the community asking God to grant them wisdom in their  journey of life to become great people His Royal Majesty, Oba Adebanji Ajibade Alabi AFUNTADE 1 has  prayed for peace and tranquillity  in his domain   asking the Almighty God to grant the indigenes long life,good health and The entire congregation during the prayer session led by two  of the Chiefs asked God to grant  the monarch long life and buoyancy to continue his good works  . They further prayed to God to preserve and protect Ilawe indigenes both at home and outside the town against all forms of insecurity challenges and diseases. The occasion was rounded off with songs of praise to God  for allowing the people to witness year 2021.