LAGOS- As the co-author of three books, podcast host of “Discount Property Investor”, real estate wholesaling expert, and currently growing his rental portfolio exponentially, David Dodge is a force to be reckoned with. With over 17 years of experience under his belt, he is passionate about sharing his story with aspiring entrepreneurs, educating them on the ins and outs of wholesaling real estate. According to David, the wholesaling business is simple and effective, turning huge profits for those willing to put in the work. He notes, “I think that everything is affected by mindset, both good and bad. So with that being said, I think that mindset is literally the most important thing.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! A positive mindset has served David well throughout his career. Today, he owns over 50 rentals and plans to take his portfolio to over 150 properties in the next few years. He and his team at “House Sold Easy” average from eight to ten wholesales per month, adding to over 500 houses wholesaled over the course of his career. Housing Scheme: Ownership Realty LTD To Embark On Mass Housing Dev. 2021 N4.2bn Westlink Iconic Villa And Ibadan Urban Renewal David says, “I don’t believe in competition. I look at competitors as strategic partners that I can do deals with, buy deals from, sell deals to, or network with to learn the newest trends and or best practices.” With these connections, David hopes to get his message out to any aspiring entrepreneurs who are considering entering the real estate industry. Having gotten his start from the young age of 20 while attending the University of Missouri-Columbia, David had to learn many lessons the hard way, a fate he hopes to save others from by teaching them a better way. He says, “I was over 100 doors and then I had to sell off about half of them to buy out a partner and pay off a ton of bad debt that we had accumulated. But I’ll get back over 100 in a couple of years again, no problem. I know what not to do this time around.” To educate others, David and his partner Mike have created a free course on wholesaling real estate to teach the ins and outs of wholesaling real estate, along with tips and tricks for marketing, land lording, and rehabbing properties.