Although President Mu­hammadu Buhari’s New Year day broadcast tried to address the thorny issues that have plagued the lives of the citizenry, it is difficult to shake off the uncomfortable feel­ing that the whole exercise was yet another routine, desultory ritual, lacking in vigour, empathy and the ability to edify, succour and rekindle hope at a very trying period. There were no new promises or fresh action plans capable of rais­ing expectations and restoring confidence at a time of multifar­ious crisis. The populace is still gripped with the fear of growing uncertainties and worsening inse­curities that have left the country bleeding from all corners. Many Nigerians would certainly disagree with the president that the country had achieved some milestones to warrant her extravagant celebration of her sixty years of existence as an independent nation. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! His confident claim about the country weathering “all stormy waters” to “emerge stronger and better where others have fallen and disintegrated” must have sounded strange to many Nigerians who bear the brunt of Nigeria’s enduring deterioration and underdevelopment, a country that emerged with so much promise and hope, but which has failed both her people and the world; a country that has been so badly polarized along ethnic and religious cleavages due to some deliberate policies of the present regime. President Buhari’s speech covered three key components of the country’s national life, namely, security, economy and anti-corruption. On these, the president said: “in this journey to nationhood, we have experienced the highs and lows. 2020 indeed came with a lot of challenges ranging from security and economic issues across the regions to understandable protests that were mainly led by our youths and served notice to the demand for police reforms and accountability. Banks Credit Outlook Projected To Be Weak This Year Missing N3.8bn: SERAP Urges Buhari To Probe Health Ministry This government heard, this government listened and this government is committed to fulfilling the five demands of our youths, fully understanding that we all wish well for Nigeria.” It is commendable that Nigerian youths were responsible enough to campaign for improvements in the country, especially, on the need to end police brutality, a phenomenon that has maimed and terminated many lives, and has continued to give the gory impression that the police are engaged in a protracted war against the citizens. Contrary to the president’s claim that his regime listened to the youths and committed itself to implement the changes they advocated, what the world saw was the crude brutalization of the youths. Even till now, security agencies are reportedly still harassing the organizers of the protests and freezing their bank accounts. Insecurity has beaten excruciating lack, hardship and widespread infrastructural decay to emerge the country’s most stubborn headache. The Boko Haram terrorists who now operate with utmost impunity are busy gruesomely murdering Nigerians, kidnapping many and sacking and annexing communities. They seem to have infiltrated the North West as was evidenced in their reported involvement in the recent abduction of pupils in Katsina State. In the North West, bandits operate with dizzying brazenness as if there are no legal forces capable of containing them. In the Middle Belt and the South of the country, Fulani Herdsmen are wreaking untold havoc, killing, maiming and raping people, destroying farms and sacking villages with obscene fanfare. Their activities are dragging the country to the brink of famine. Yet, despite their chilling atrocities, the law appears to have been held back from going after them. There have been calls for the president to sack the service chiefs who have exceeded their tenures and overhaul the security architecture to reposition the agencies to effectively protect lives and property. But in his speech, Buhari could not say anything new and capable of restoring the hope of the people. He could only offer the bland assurance that his regime was “fully aware of the responsibility” it has “to protect the lives and property of all Nigerians, and … will not relent in learning and adapting to changing threats to our national security and civic wellbeing.” On the economy, Buhari announced that his regime is currently engaged in “national economic diversification agenda” to achieve “food self-sufficiency,” rebuilding of infrastructures, implementing reforms in the power sector to increase electricity supply and deploying social interventions to boost job creation. These are, however, claims that have over the years been rehashed without the people seeing any encouraging results. What is surprising is that the Presidency has not seen the need to find new words and fresh approaches to present them to Nigerians. On anti-corruption, Buhari claimed that his regime has registered “substantial gains” and promised to work with the Legislature to create stronger laws to fight the monster to the ground. This would have sounded reassuring if Nigerians have not heard them countless times. Moreover, the problem with corruption is not the absence of laws but the political will and sincerity of purpose to effectively deploy those laws to combat it. Even the graft he claims to be fighting has reportedly become a big challenge to his regime, weakening its ability to fight it with soiled hands. Buhari has about two years to complete his tenure. What Nigerians, traumatized by excruciating problems, yearn for are not more platitudes and vacuous promises and assurances, but practical actions to steer the nation out of the woods. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION