Bishop Funso Awe, a retired priest of the Anglican Communion (Church of Nigeria) and the 2019 governorship candidate of the National Conscience Party (NCP) in Lagos State, was consecrated a bishop of the Orthodox Anglican Church, Lagos Mainland Diocese. Rt. Rev. Awe, in this interview with EJIKEME OMENAZU spoke on his higher call for higher service, the church in Nigeria and his political future. Excerpt: Can you tell us about your recent consecration as a Bishop? We thank God. It is another call to service in the vineyard of God. To whom much is given, much more is expected. Though I was taking a retirement from being very active, God is not thinking that way. As I retired from the Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion), I got called to serve in a higher capacity of a Bishop on the Orthodox Anglican Communion. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The Anglican Orthodox Communion has a Primatal seat in America. It is a church that has been in existence since 1957. We have a duty to expand the kingdom of God in this End Time by preparing God’s people for His kingdom, especially in the End Time. So, I submitted myself and everything I have to God and I was consecrated a Bishop in Benin City on July 26, 2020 and given a charge over the Diocese of Lagos on the Mainland. Does your consecration mean an end to your political activities? Davido Makes U-Turn After Hinting He Will Dump Music Marriage Trouble: We Are Making Progress, Says 9ice’s Wife No, it does not. I will not be the first and I will not be the last among Christian leaders who are into politics. We have examples of Archbishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa; Rev Jesse Jackson in America, who even contested the Presidency in America; human rights activist, Rev Martin Luther King, whose statement, is ‘I have a Dream’. I equally have a dream that one day, we will have good government in Nigeria and we will have the righteous in government. So, until that day, we will participate in the politics of Nigeria. Does the Orthodox Anglican Communion have the same Diocesan arrangement like the Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion? Yes. The Orthodox Anglican Church is the same as any Anglican Church. It is a strand of the Anglican Church as we have several strands of the Anglican Church all over the world. How could one distinguish between the Anglican Church and the Orthodox Anglican Church? The only difference between the two is that the Orthodox Anglican Church holds more to the usage of the Book of Common Prayers 1662 as instructed by the Church of England, thereby making it a high church in its Liturgy. Are there areas in which the two work together? The Orthodox Anglican Church is not in disagreement with the body of Christ. Just like the Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion) pulled out from the Church of England over the issue of gay priests, the same way Orthodox Anglican Church disagreed with some practices of the American Anglican Church (Episcopal Church of United States of America, ECUSA). We disagreed with ECUSA on the issue of women ordination and the watering down of the Liturgy. That is as far back as 1957. Does the Orthodox Anglican Church  recognise gay priests? No. the Orthodox Anglican Church does not conform to the practice of gay in any form. Does it accept the ordination of women priests? We do not have women priests. But, we have women who can come in as Evangelists. The Orthodox Anglican Church welcomes all Anglicans with open arms in our churches because we are all Anglicans. Can you tell us about the church in Nigeria? The church came into Nigeria 11 years ago. The Provincial Archdiocese is in Benin City. The Archbishop is The Most Rev Christopher Umane. Presently, we have about 15 Dioceses spread all over Nigeria, including two in Lagos and the rest in other parts of Nigeria. How effective has the church been in Nigeria? We are trying to reach out, especially to the unreached, including the Anglicans in Diaspora. A lot of Anglicans have left the church and migrated to various other denominations. It is our intention to continue to disciple people and prepare them in this End Time for God. Our focus in Lagos Mainland is to bring the church back to the model of the Early Church and concentrate more on house churches. In this End Time, we do not need big structures. But, what is required is actually cell churches, who are disciples and who in turn will disciple others. To what extent does the Orthodox Anglican Church relate with the Pentecostal faith? The Anglican Church is basically Pentecostal. So, we welcome all. In the spirit of Ecumenism, we relate with all denominations who in turn relate with us, except right now the authority of the Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion). I believe with time, they will know that the Anglican Church is one and the Church of God is not divided. What is the relationship of the Orthodox Anglican Church with the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN)? There are five blocks in CAN, the Catholic Church forms a bloc; ECWA/TECAN forms a block; Organisation of Indigenous Churches (OIC) is a block, the white garment churches formed a block; the Pentecostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) is a block and the Christian Church of Nigeria (CCN) forms a block. The CCN is made up of what we call the Orthodox Protestant Churches, and it includes the Anglicans, Methodist, Pentecostal Church, Presbyterian; Qua Iboe Church. The Orthodox Anglican Church is an Anglican Church. Normally, it belongs to the CCN and belongs to CAN. Unless otherwise somebody can prove that Orthodox Anglican Church is not a church. As long as we are a church, duly registered in Nigeria with the CAC, and professing the doctrine as stated in the bible, we are a Christian group. We are a member of CAN. We will do our bit and participate in all the activities of CAN and render all obligations to CAN. Recently, there was a controversy over the CAMA Act. What is your take on the law? The Company and Allied Matters Act (CAMA) 2020, recently assented to by President Muhammadu Buhari, rightfully is attracting a lot of comments from religious leaders because of the section that has to do with the Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC), being the power to appoint a Board of Trustees (BoT) for religious organisations and dissolve the constituted boards and reconstitute them when they deem fit. I believe that Nigeria does not operate like other countries. In other climes, even churches give weekly returns or financial reports to the government, especially in the area of taxes. In Canada, whatever money an individual gives as an offering in the church, attracts a tax return because it is considered as money given to charity. But, this does not happen in Nigeria. The basic question is: What are the benefits that even the church and other religious organisations attract from the government? Nigeria as a country does not have a social welfare system that is well defined. These religious organisations stand in or fill that gap in Nigeria. Basically, you cannot equate religious organisations to Non-Governmental Organisaions (NGOs). They differ in their modus operandi. Religion is a very sensitive issue in Nigeria. If for example, the CAC is appointing a Board of Trustees for a church, where will they bring it from? Will they appoint a Christian for a mosque or a Muslim for a church? Or, even, who does the appointment? If the head of the CAC is a Muslim, even if he is appointing the member of the same church, it will be seen that a Muslim is determining what happens in the church. It will also happen if it is the other way round. If he is appointing a Christian, will he appoint an Anglican over other churches or a Catholic over the Redeemed Christian Church of God or Deeper Life? Basically, if it is having control of NGOs, I do not think I have a problem with that. But, this law should be amended to exempt religious organisations and differentiate them from other NGOs. President Muhammadu Buhari should return the CAMA Act to the National Assembly for amendment. This is not the first time this ambiguity is happening. The other time, they were talking of some religious leaders retiring at a particular age. They forgot that churches do not operate like other organisations. You have been running the Logos Centre as a christen resource centre before you were consecrated a Bishop. What is the current status of the centre? The Logos Centre as a Christian Resource Centre still remains. But, it now encompasses the Seat of the Bishop of Lagos in the Mainland and the Cathedral of SS Peter and Paul Orthodox Anglican Communion. As a Christian Resource Centre, we still make our facilities available to other denominations. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION