LAGOS – The National President of the Academic Staff Union of Secondary Schools (ASUSS), Mr Samuel Omaji, on Sunday, de­cried the ill-preparedness of state governments as schools resume on Monday across the country. Omaji, in an interview with Daily Independent, said though the consciousness and interests of state governors differ in the fight against the spread of the Coronavirus, submitted that most states have not put in place adequate measures to ensure the safety of students, teachers and non-teaching workers in schools. “We have had meetings with some state governments over the development and we discov­ered the consciousness of states differs. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “I want to tell you that most of the states are not ready in terms of securing the lives of our children and teachers. COVID-19 is not a joke. In situ­ations where hundreds of stu­dents gathered and equipment to ensure the disease does not spread are not enough calls for concerns. “The fact remains that chil­dren that have been at home for some time will jump at each other for the joy of meet­ing again. They may not have emotional or psychological control to observe social dis­tancing in schools. I expected that if schools are to resume, there ought to be visible proofs that the government has taken it up as their responsibility to ensure that precautionary measures are in place. Communal Crisis: Isoko Youths Threaten To Shut Down Oil Facilities ISTDAL Boss Congratulates Obiozor “Incidentally, government, missionary and private schools all exist, how will the govern­ment ensure that they put place enough measures as schools reopen so that there will be no casualties or spread of the dis­ease from homes to school and vice-versa? He appealed to state gov­ernors to begin by deploying enough resources to ensure schools are safe for learning and check the spread of the disease, saying anything short of this could spell doom for the country and the world. Omaji added, “As the Pres­ident of ASUSS, I have not seen any seriousness in terms measures put in place by states to guarantee the protection of lives of students, teachers and non-teaching workers in schools that could warrant the reopening of schools at this period.” The ASUSS President charged state governments to take the threats posed to the survival of the human race and lives of millions of Nigerian children by the disease serious, saying that governments have been evasive on the matter. “The feelers I am getting on the measures taken in states are that they are not adequate and I can generalize that gov­ernments in states have not put adequate measures in place to protect the lives of secondary school students and teachers,” He tasked parents as critical stakeholders in the education sector to live up to their expec­tations by providing for the wellbeing of their children as they return to school.