Speaker, Ekiti House of Assembly, Mr. Funminiyi Afuye and a former Deputy Speaker, Adetunji Orisalade were among the dignitaries who paid tributes to a former lawmaker, Oluyomi Daramola. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that Daramola, who died at the age of 51, was a member of the Assembly between 2011 and 2015. The speaker, in his tribute during a special plenary on Friday at the Assembly complex, Ado-Ekiti, described the late Daramola as a loyal and dedicated person. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said that the deceased contributed his own quota towards the development of Ikere-Ekiti, his country home, and the state in general. Afuye, who, commiserated with the family members of the ex-lawmaker, promised that government would come to their aid in this trying time. Armed Forces Remembrance Day: Ayade Hails Ex-Servicemen For Sacrifices Remembrance Day: Makinde Reassures Oyo Residents Of Safe Environment He prayed God to console the immediate family of the late lawmaker and the people of Ikere-Ekiti, and grant them the fortitude to bear the loss. Others, who spoke at the plenary, included Orisalade, Mr Kehinde Odebunmi and Mrs Olubunmi Oriniowo, who were members of the Fourth Assembly, described the death of their colleague as devastating. They enjoined people to live impactful lives that would make people to remember their good deeds, even after they had gone beyond. Responding on behalf of the family, Mr. Ayo Popoola, thanked the people for sharing with them in their moment of grief. “We appreciated the members of the Assembly, particularly, the speaker, for their fatherly role since the death of our brother. “The good eulogies of our brother from his colleagues, friends and political associates today give us comfort. We thank you all for your support,” Popoola said. NAN recalls that the late Daramola was a member, representing Ikere Constituency I in the Assembly, under the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC). Present at the event were some serving and past members of the Assembly.