LAGOS – The Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Min­isterial Taskforce on COVID-19 Protocols Enforcement has scored churches high on compli­ance with established safety guidelines during the cross­over services held across the Territory. The Head, Media and En­lightenment of the Taskforce, Comrade Ikharo Attah who led personnel out on enforce­ment gave the pass mark while briefing newsmen on the out­come of the exercise. Attah hinted that: “The churches largely obeyed the health protocols and guide­lines issued by the Presiden­tial Taskforce on COVID-19 and the National Centre for Disease Control (NCDC) as well as that of the FCT Ad­ministration. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “In all the churches visited, wearing of facemasks was a compulsory criterion for entry while sufficient hand washing points and sanitizers were ad­equately provided. “Also, some had state of the art disinfecting boxes which members were meant to pass through before entering the halls or worship arena”. 2021, Year Of The Valley – Dr. Olukoya Expect Spill-Over Of 2020 Events This Year – Pastor Adeboye Saturday INDEPENDENT reports that at the first point of visit by the team, which was the old parade ground in Area 10 where the Christ Embassy church held its Crossover ser­vice, the taskforce commend­ed the arrangements but ob­served that few members took off their facemasks shortly after they sat down. At the Commonwealth of Zion Church (COZA) located at Guzape district, worshipers were compelled to go through multiple checks and sanitising processes. It was observed that facemasks were compulsory while family members were encouraged to sit together. Also, state of the art tem­perature check equipment and disinfecting boxes were installed at all entry points into the church premises. The taskforce was also at the Christ Apostolic Church, located behind VIO office at Area 1, where the team ob­served that compliance level was high, as physical distanc­ing and all health protocols were maintained. Similarly, the situation at the ECWA Church by APC National Secretariat, Wuse 11 compliance was high, as tem­perature check was conducted on all taskforce personnel be­fore they entered the premises through the disinfecting boxes. However, few members were allowed into the wor­ship auditorium while others sat outside as part of the crowd control and physical distanc­ing measures. When the taskforce got to the Family Worship Centre, Wuye, the church was not in worship service. The security men at the gate informed the taskforce that members were told to follow the Lead Pastor, Sarah Omakwu online as the usual crossover night service was cancelled. Meanwhile, at the Duna­mis Gospel church located at the airport road, the taskforce frowned at the crowd control measures, but observed there was a very high level of com­pliance to wearing of face­masks by worshippers. He said, “As you all ob­served though there was a very high level of compliance to wearing of facemasks by wor­shippers, physical distancing was completely not adhered to. Also one of the disinfect­ing boxes was not functional and persons were allowed to go through it without having their hands sanitised. This we taskforce stopped until some ushers came with boxes of sanitisers to apply on those entering. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION