Patrick Onwura Nzechukwu is President/CEO, Society for West African Internal Audit Practitioners (SWAIAP). In this interview with EJIKEME OMENAZU, he spoke on how Nigeria could pull itself from the current recession. Excerpts: Nigeria recently slid into another recession after the first one. How do you see the development? Before we attempt to answer this question, let us first understand what recession is and how Nigeria got into it. This has become necessary because if you do not know the cause of a sickness, there is the tendency to prescribe the wrong medication. A recession is a period of significant decline in economic activity spread across the economy, lasting for a period of six months or more. This is normally visible in real Gross Domestic Product (GDP), real income, employment, industrial production, and wholesale-retail sales. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! What would say caused the current recession in Nigeria? Generally, recession is caused by high level of inflation which forces down spending because people were spending more than they earn. Natural disasters and epidemic such as COVID-19 are other major factors. In Nigeria, high inflation rate is caused by a number of factors, principally is high export deficit. Nigeria has been known as a mono-economy and import dependent. The mono-economy means that we depend largely on proceeds from crude oil as our main foreign exchange earner. On the other hand, we import virtually everything we use in this country. This puts too much pressure on our foreign reserves which continuously depletes. The fundamental principle of forces of demand is that when demand is greater than supply, price rises and inflation results. When inflation becomes too high, it melts down economic activities as people cut short their spending because their purchasing power has been drastically reduced. On the other hand, the impact of natural disaster and epidemic occasioned by general low economic activities also affect production and purchasing power of citizens. Time To Resolve 30-Year-Old Crisis In CAC – Pastor Adanri-Omojuwa Jonathan Should Ignore Those Trying To Lure Him Back To Aso Rock – Oyemade Do you see that the existing state of insecurity in Nigeria as a major factor that led to the current recession? Yes, indeed. One major, but peculiar problem associated with current recession is insecurity. Insecurity in Nigeria has negatively affected agricultural produce as farmers are sacked from farm lands by terrorist herdsmen, resulting to food shortages. Also, insecurity has scared aware foreign investors who ordinarily, would have brought in foreign inflows to reduce pressure on national reserves and create employment opportunities. How do you think the country could pull itself out of recession? To pull out of the current recession occasioned by COVID-19, over dependence on crude oil as main foreign exchange earner, the problem of import driven economy and insecurity, the following measures is suggested for all sectors. First, is in the area of security. The primary responsibility of every government is to provide security to lives and properties. Without being politically correct, the Federal Government, through the security forces must arrest and prosecute every herdsman seen carrying lethal weapons. The same treatment given to armed robbers should be given to them. This will encourage farmers to go back to their farm lands without fear of molestation, rape and death. This will also reduce the new wave of banditry, particularly across the North. In response also, the Federal Government should put an end to open grazing. Herders should build ranches and buy feeds for their cattle. It is morally and economically wrong for cattle rearers to use their cattle, which is their economic activity, to destroy the crops of farmers which is their own economic activity thereby putting rest of the populace in danger of hunger. The second measure had to do with the over dependence on crude oil. The Federal Government should move away from mono-economy fast, particularly away from crude oil. The problem of Nigeria is leadership failure. Ever since I was a child, Nigerian leadership has been talking about diversification of the economy. For up to 50 years now, Nigerian leadership is still talking about diversification of the economy. In no distant time, crude oil in the international market may worth nothing significant as technology is moving away fossil fuel to artificial intelligence. Don’t you think that Nigeria’s too much dependent on foreign loans contributed to the current poor state of the economy and by extension the current recession? You are indeed correct. This government survives more by external debt than external revenue. Nigeria recorded an external debt of $27.68billion in December 2019, the highest recorded since it paid  Paris Club debt in 2006. Nigeria’s external debt increased from $10.72billion in December 2015 to $27.68billion in December 2019, a growth of about +158.21%. In 2020, the Senate passed a budget of N10.8 trillion. Out of this figure, a whooping N2.95 trillion was provided for debt servicing, representing 27.31% of total budget. With this type of debt profile, Nigeria is returning to pre-2006 era when debt servicing took about 30% of annual budget, exerting so much pressure on the economy. This is bad. Would you say that the expansion of the nation’s revenue base would help to pull the country out of recession? Yes, it will help indeed. The Federal Government should expand the revenue base to other extractive industry other than oil and gas. The solid minerals should be properly exploited like oil and gas. Another sector that should receive visible government attention (both FG and states) is agriculture. Research has shown that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) has been making different interventions in the agricultural sector. This is a welcome development. However, the CBN should prevail on deposit commercial banks dispensing these funds to make it accessible. I have many clients I have prepared their feasibility studies and business plans, but could not access these funds. Some of them are multi-billion agricultural projects. There should be proper awareness on how to access these funds. If the government can succeed in opening the economy for local productions, at least those areas we have comparative advantage. This will abate over dependence on importation and reduce pressure on foreign reserve. It is believed that if the citizens patonise local products, it would help to check recession. Do you share the same view? Indeed patronage of local productions will help. Nigerians should be patriotic enough to patronise locally made goods and services, starting from our leaders. We have a very bad mentality of preference to things made outside the country. It pervades across goods and services. Nigerians would prefer to train abroad, even when such training could be offered locally. It is saddening that our leaders will run abroad to treat common headache. When we begin to patronise locally made goods and services, it reduces the pressure exerted on foreign reserve. This will in turn improve the value of Naira, which will improve the purchasing power of the citizenry. One of the reasons you stated led to the recession is the COVID-19 pandemic. Could you expatiate on this? According to the Nigerian Bureau of Statistics (NBS), the nation’s economy contracted by 6.1% in the second quarter of 2020. The dip follows 13 quarters of positive, but low growth rates. The -6.1% decline is also Nigeria’s steepest in the last 10 years. According to the study, as with most other economies around the world, the sharp drop in Nigeria’s GDP growth is largely due to the slowdown in economic activity after the country resorted to a total lockdown back in April to curb the spread of the virus. However, with the ease in lockdown, the Nigerian government, both federal and states, should inflate the economy by giving bailouts to the real sector to revive production and create employment opportunities. All the loans that governments have been contracting should be judiciously invested in infrastructures that would create enabling environments for businesses to thrive as well as extending such loans to the real sectors for economic expansion. What other advice would you give to the federal and state governments for the quick recovery of the nation’s economy? Government at all levels should carry out internal audit reforms to strengthen internal administration of all Ministries, Departments and Agencies (MDAs) and other statutory bodies. At Society for West African Internal Audit Practitioners (SWAIAP), we have come to assist all relevant stakeholders to institutionalise internal auditing in West Africa as a foremost tool for preventing corruption, improving business processes and performance and mitigating to the barest minimum of all forms of financial and non-financial risks in both private and public sectors. We exist to train and properly equip members with tools and skills necessary for effective internal audit practice across West African sub-region. We also engage in corporate staff training, consulting and advisory services, including outsourcing. All these help to check corruption, improve the economy and check wastages in government and the private sector. When the economy is buoyant, there will not be recession. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION