van Perisic, according to reports. The 31-year-old spent last season with Bayern Munich, helping them win the Champions League, but has since struggled to start regularly and may be open to a short-term move. Foot Mercato claim Jose Mourinho holds ‘great interest’ in Perisic and that discussions between both clubs are already underway.The forward scored seven goals in total for Bayern last term, having also joined them on loan, and added the Bundesliga to his trophy haul before returning to Italy. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Perisic, whose contract is set to run down in June 2022, is not typically a first-choice name on Antonio Conte’s team sheet at the San Siro. Just 11 of his 21 showings so far have come from the off, and his return of two goals and a couple of assists have seen him endure a frustrating last few months. NLC, Others Threatens Industrial Action Over Salary, Pension Deductions Iran Leader Bans COVID Vaccines From UK, US The same publication believes that Perisic has still drawn admiring glances from several clubs, however, with Tottenham said to be among his potential suitors. Mourinho was widely reported to have been keen to sign Perisic during his spell with Manchester United. The legendary coach, 57, grew frustrated with Anthony Martial and was even believed to have been open to offloading him in order to snap up Perisic. The recent reports suggest Mourinho may be edging closer to finally securing his target in a major boost to his ambitions in north London.Tottenham boast several star names on their flanks but have often found themselves reliant on deadly duo Son Heung-min and Harry Kane this season. Perisic would go some way towards easing the burden on both forwards and helping Spurs finally bring an end to their 13-year trophy drought. The state of talks between the Premier League club and Inter Milan are still in their early stages, though, with plenty of time remaining in this window to reach a deal.