Governor Kayode Fayemi has ordered public and private schools  to re-open for the Second term of the 2020/21 session from Monday 18th January, 2021. The curfew earlier imposed on the State from 8pm to 6am was also relaxed to now commence at 10 pm  and end 6 am while the restriction of maximum of 20 persons in confined spaces was  removed to allow half capacity of venue for all events indoors and social-distance two-meter spacing for outdoor activities. Activities limited to  between one and two hours maximum period  are  encouraged to minimize infection risk. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! In a statement made available to newsmen in Ado Ekiti, the State Commissioner for Information and Values Orienta tion, Hon. Akin Omole stated that permits must be obtained from the State Covid Taskforce for funerals, weddings, birthdays and other large social gatherings at event centers including hotels, pavilions, fields before the events while limitations on the number of religious services have been lifted. Omole however stated that Government workers on grade Level 12 and below are still excused from work until further notice. NGO Donates Medical Equipment, Consumables To Hospital In Ogun SWAN Mourns As Oyo Amateur Boxing Chair, Opaleye  Dies He explained that the decision to reopen schools in the State was taken to avoid the negative impacts on child health, education and development. Omole added that re-opening schools would also enable students to complete their studies and continue to the next level without avoidable additional burdens on family income and the overall economy of the people. He stated that random testing of teachers and students would be carried out  without delay,  and urged school administrators and teachers to use infrared thermometers to monitor temperature of everybody in their respective schools, emphasizing that Government would not hesitate to close down any private or public school with problems. Reiterating the commitment of the Fayemi led administration to the general well-being of people in the State, Omole noted that the State Government had been proactive in its response to the pandemic and had properly positioned the State to effectively counter the spread of all communicable diseases including Covid-19. He however stressed the need for all and sundry to abide strictly by all laid-down protocol by the State Government to protect them from contracting the coronavirus and help curtail the spread of the virus. According to him, it is mandatory for everybody to properly wear a nose mask in Ekiti State adding that it is also very essential to avoid crowds, observe social distance spacing, keep rooms well ventilated, regular handwashing with soap and water or using alcohol-based sanitizers and coughing into a bent elbow or disposable tissue.