AWKA  – The Anambra State Internal Revenue Service (AIRS) has barred associations and agents from collecting sanitation levies in the state with effect from the month of January 2021, just as the Ministry of Trade and Commerce said it raked in the sum of N700m as revenue in the just concluded year, 2020. Dr David Nzekwu, the Chairman and Chief Executive of the AIRS said that all sanitation levies in the state must be paid directly by the taxpayer into the Anambra State Government account through any of the commercial banks, using relevant sanitation codes on paydirect systems. He said that sanitation levies should only be made against electronically issued demand notice with the taxpayer’s ANSSID number and nobody Nzekwu warned should honour any manually issued demand notice. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He went further stating that cash payments of sanitation levies into any individual’s account was totally prohibited, adding: “any taxpayer that makes payment into unauthorised persons, groups or associations does so at his or her own risk. The state government will not be responsible for any payments, made outside the prescribed process.’’ He advised all taxpayers, households and business owners in the state to take note and follow the correct process in paying their sanitation levies in the bank and avoid wrong persons. Ogbaru Main Market Gets New Leadership NGO Urges Proper Trauma Management For Migrant Returnees In a related development, Mr Charles Uchenna Okafor, the State Commissioner for Trade and Commerce, has extolled market leaders in the state for their efforts, cooperation and support during collection of taxes by government officials/ special taskforce in all markets. Okafor made the commendation at Government House, Awka during a compulsory emergency meeting with market leaders on how to prevent spread of COVID-19 pandemic. He announced that about N700 million was realized by the Ministry in 2020 in spite of imposition of lockdown in Nigeria because of outbreak of Coronavirus disease, the end SARS protests and other obstacles. He expressed his displeasure with Ekwulobia Market Leaders, who failed to compel traders to offset the debts they owed the state. Okafor urged all traders, who still owed the government to endeavour to clear their debts to enable the government complete its remaining projects. He cautioned the leaders that those who rallied unscrupulous elements in motor parks to stage protests against the state government would face dire consequences. On the issue of preventing a second wave of COVID-19 pandemic, Okafor enjoined the leaders not to stop maintaining strict adherence to COVID-19 protocols or risk lockdown of all markets in the state. In a speech, the state Commissioner for Health, Dr Vincent Okpala, represented by Director, Public Health, Uchechukwu Onyejimbe, alerted the leaders to the outbreak of a deadlier mutant of COVID-19 virus.