ABUJA – Lagos State governor, Mr. Baba­jide Sanwo-Olu, on Thursday sought collaboration from the Federal Government on rebuild­ing Lagos State following the aftermath of last year’s #EndSARS protests, hijacked by hoodlums, which led to the destruction of pub­lic and private properties and businesses in the state. ­ Governor Sanwo-Olu said the goal of ensuring Lagos State becomes Nigeria’s in­vestment hub can only be achieved through economic collaboration between the state and the Federal Gov­ernment. Speaking to journalists after meeting with President Muhammadu Buhari at the Presidential Villa in Abuja on Thursday, Governor San­wo-Olu said Lagos State gov­ernment has started working on how it will make available all that is required by the La­gos State Police Command for the law enforcement agen­cy to be more alive to their re­sponsibilities. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Governor Sanwo-Olu, who submitted to President Buhari, the proposals for re-building Lagos State and identified economic oppor­tunities for rebuilding the state during the visit, also ex­plained the plans of the state to tackle the second wave of COVID-19. He said: “We believe we can further collaborate with the Federal Government, Ni­geria Centre for Disease Con­trol (NCDC), on all the great work we all are doing. I think as a commander-in-chief, it is important for me to give him a head start. Aliyu Hails Bello, FCT Minister @62 Yobe Appoints New Grand Khadi For Sharia Court “We also discussed other matters around some col­laborative efforts that the state can enjoy with the Fed­eral Government. They are win-win opportunities. We believe that the Federal Gov­ernment can help accelerate and fast track some of those opportunities. “Lagos is the commercial nerve center of the country and so we need to start up on economic programmes and activities that can improve not only our foreign direct investments but also make Lagos an investor destination in the country. “I also briefed the presi­dent about security situation in Lagos and how we can further enhance and make the place a lot more business friendly. All the support we are currently receiving and how we can tweak and im­prove on all of the support especially with some Federal Government agencies.” Speaking on his admin­istration’s commitment to addressing the second wave of COVID-19 and increase in number of cases of coronavi­rus infection in Lagos State, Governor Sanwo-Olu said the state government has built about 10 oxygen plants and commissioned about four and provided other facilities in public building to meet the respiratory requirements. He said the second wave seems to be a bit more infec­tious than the first one, con­sidering the number of peo­ple who have tested positive to COVID-19 and the fatality rate around the country, espe­cially in Lagos. The governor therefore urged the citizens to take re­sponsibility and to know and appreciate that COVID-19 is real, therefore they need to obey all the protocols that have been set out for them to obey. He said: “We have seen, unfortunately, the fatality rate around the country, even in Lagos. One of the things we have realised is that a lot more people require oxygen attention, they need addition­al breathing aid. So we have started building what we call oxygen tent, oxygen facilities; we are building about 10 of such facilities. “We have commissioned about four of them and we are also building additional two oxygen plants in the state so that we can meet the re­spiratory requirements. We understand the virus more than how we did eight to 10 months ago, so we know what treatment should be. We are better positioned for that. “We are also doing a lot more testing in Lagos than we were doing five to six months ago: we are doing almost 2,500 to 3,000 tests ev­ery day, so we are watching the rate of positivity that we have, which is also high. It has moved from the usual 10 to 12 percent and we are now seeing positivity rate of about 25 and sometimes 30 percent. That is actually very disturbing.” Governor Sanwo-Olu also disclosed to the journalists that Lagos State government has supported some of those affected by the #EndSARS protests. “We are carefully tak­ing a proper study to know what we need to do, taking our time to get it right but we have started something. Businesses that were affect­ed, somebody having a shop looted or burnt or something. We have been able to direct­ly support such businesses, especially on a micro, small level using the Lagos State Employment Trust Fund. “They have started inter­vening and supporting some of these small businesses, giving them grants, giving them soft loans and making sure that they can come back together very quickly,” the governor said.