When in March, 2020, Mele Kyari, group managing director of Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), boasted that petrol subsidy will never resurface in Nigeria, the announcement was seen as an invitation to complete deregulation of petrol price and the return of private marketers to petrol importation. However, five months after Kyari’s pronouncement, government hands remained firmly on the price band of the product with NNPC still the sole importer of petrol. As oil price climbed laboriously to $50 per barrel, Nigerian motorists and operators of the estimated 64 million small and micro-power generators that provide close to 60 per cent of the electricity that powers Nigeria’s one-handed economy, became worried about the consequences of the rise in oil price. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The development in the international oil market was good news to the federal government as it would churn out more dollars for funding the massive deficit in the 2021 budget. The federal government allowed the pump price of petrol to rise with the increase in crude oil price. The upper limit hit N172 per litre. At that point, it became clear that government had to control the invisible hand of market forces on petrol price mechanism. The Merits & Demerits Of A Weak Naira In Spite Of Increasing Dollar Reserves Conspiracy Against The Naira Labour leaders rejected the price hike and demanded that it be reversed. With 20 million able-bodied people (including 2 million graduates) searching for non-existent jobs in an over-crowded labour market and 102 million others eking a living below poverty line, government knew the consequences of a steep climb in the pump price of petrol. It could touch off street riots and uncontrollable arson that could make the calamity of October 21, 2020 pale into insignificance. Government bowed to pressure from labour and entered into protracted negotiations that lasted for weeks. At the end of the strenous haggling, government grudgingly reduced the pump price of petrol by N6 per litre. The gesture to labour in the face of Kyari’s conclusive utterance in March that petrol subsidy would never return to Nigeria, raises two issues. It is either that government had allowed marketers to over-price petrol as a bargaining chip with labour, or it has inadvertently slipped petrol subsidy into the system through the back door. The first scenario (over-pricing) would have allowed government to reduce petrol price without resorting to subsidy. But it is very unlikely that government would allow petrol to be over-priced given its sensitive nature in the economy. What actually happened was that government ordered NNPC to absorb the cost of the demurrage emanating from the avoidable congestions at Nigerian ports. The demurrage would no longer be passed to petrol dealers. In other words, Mele Kyari has eaten his words just eight months after he boasted that there would no longer be petrol subsidy in Nigeria. Government is now funding part of the cost that was passed to consumers as the pump price of petrol. The subsidy is quietly funded by government because NNPC is the sole importer of petrol. If government had completely deregulated the market and allowed members of the Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN) and Major Oil Marketers Association of Nigeria (MOMAN) to bring in petrol and compete with NNPC, we probably would have returned to the monumental subsidy scam of 2011. As it is now, Nigeria is still dogged with petrol subsidy fraud. NNPC manipulates consumption figures and rips off the nation through dubious subsidy claims. The corporation has replaced the marketers in the calamitous fraud that has impoverished Nigeria and made it a major importer of the by-products of the crude oil it exports at less than 10 per cent of the cost of the imported refined products. NNPC’s monopoly on petrol imports is dangerously injurious to consumers. No one trust the members of IPMAN and MOMAN to do the imports without defrauding Nigeria. However, NNPC is not clean either. The truth is that there is economic wisdom in competition. Monopoly keeps price at the firm control of the one dominating the market because there are no fears of challenges from competitors who could do the business more efficiently. That is why the federal government must allow private marketers to challenge NNPC’s monopoly in petrol importation. It could bring down prices to a level that would even relief government of the burden of illegally subsidising the pump price of petrol. Uninhibited access to foreign exchange is what gives NNPC the dangerous monopoly in petrol importation. The corporation accesses foreign exchange at the official rate of N379 to the dollar. Any private importer that dares to enter the market would obtain foreign exchange at the parallel market rate of N470 to the dollar. That automatically renders the private marketers incapable of competing with NNPC. The federal government could ease the mounting tension over the pump price of petrol by shifting the emerging subsidy to the forex component of the transaction. Government could allow private marketers to import while it pays directly to the foreign refineries to pre-empt the diversion of the forex by dubious marketers. With unemployment mounting, inflation rate surging and poverty reigning supreme in the land, the federal government would find it extremely difficult to push the pump price of petrol to the N200 per litre mark which market forces would soon dictate. Now that the newly formulated vaccine against COVID-19 is likely to take the battle to the home of the deadly virus, demand for crude oil would almost certainly climb and push prices perilously close to $60 per barrel. At that point no one could sell petrol below N200 per litre without massive subsidy. Government should brace for the return of petrol subsidy in a form that would not cripple the economy. The truth is that government has not done anything to halt the avoidable evil called petrol subsidy. The country’s four refineries are grossly mismanaged with government clinging tenaciously to ownership of the failed ventures. Government revenue has plummeted precipitously, but government officials have defiantly sustained their lavish lifestyle. That is what fuels the persistent demand for cheap petrol as the poor man’s share of the diminishing national cake. Since no one knows when refined petroleum products importation would end, the way out of the quagmire is for government to sell forex at subsidised rate to private marketers to break NNPC’s dubious monopoly and possibly reduce the subsidy burden on government. The case for complete deregulation of petrol price in Nigeria is very difficult to argue in view of the underlying factors. I have argued repeatedly in this column that Nigeria has one of the lowest pump price of petrol in the world. In a list of 160 countries arranged in ascending price order by Global PetrolPrice.com, Nigeria’s petrol pump price of N162.5 is the 10th lowest in the world. Venezuela has the lowest price of N7.4 per litre, while Hong Kong has the highest of N874.3 per litre. In Ghana, Nigeria’s poorer neighbor to the west, a litre of petrol sells for N322.5. The poorer Ghanaians do not complain about a petrol price that is twice that of Nigeria’s. That is because they see what their government does with the proceeds of the high petrol price. Ironically, Nigeria’s per capita income is higher than that of Ghana. That suggests that on the average, Nigerians are richer than Ghanaians. Nigeria does not tax petrol, but people complain because unlike in Ghana, power supply, for instance, is incredulously epileptic. The perennial demand for petrol subsidy has its root in the dubious income distribution system that leaves the country’s enormous wealth in the hands of an infinitesimal minority, while millions wallow in penury. Ghana has a poverty rate of 13.5 per cent. Nigeria on the other hand has the highest concentration of the poor in the world. More than 50 per cent of Nigerians wallow in abject poverty despite the country’s enormous wealth. Demand for cheap petrol would persist as long as it takes the federal government to address the country’s weird income distribution system and reduce poverty. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION