IBADAN – Owners of private health facilities in Oyo State have been warned against man­aging COVID-19 cases in their facilities, as this has been linked to the rising cases of the infection in the state. The Emergency Opera­tions Centre (EOC) and the state’s COVID-19 Technical Task Force on Saturday, gave the warning, noting that there are 30 approved testing centres, including the University College Hos­pital (UCH), Ibadan, for the purpose of testing samples. It added that those sus­pected to have symptoms of coronavirus infection should be referred to these centres for testing and that testing for symptomatic or suspected cases is free. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! A statement by Mr. Taiwo Adisa, Chief Press Secretary to Governor Seyi Makinde, indicated that the chairman of the state’s COVID-19 Technical Task Force, Professor Temitope Alonge, gave the warning in a memo addressed to Chief Executive Officers, Chief Operating Officers and Managers of private health facilities in the state. Alonge, the statement noted, appealed to the health workers to comply strictly with the advisory, reiterating that the Oyo State government could not afford any depletion in the healthcare workforce due to ill health arising from coro­navirus infection. Four Policemen Killed, Station Razed As Gunmen Attack Onueke Division In Ebonyi Wining Ekiti Back In 2022 Dear To Our Heart, Says PDP The task force indicated that managements of all public and private health care facilities in the state should be aware that “there are 30 testing centres dotted all over Oyo State, including the UCH, Ibadan, and that patients suspected to have symptoms of coronavirus infection should be referred to these centres for testing. “Please note that testing for symptomatic or suspect­ed cases is free. “There are five testing centres in Ibadan, namely; Alakia PHC (Lagelu LGA); Health is Wealth (Ibadan North LGA); General Hos­pital, Apata (Ibadan South West LGA); Ologuneru PHC (Ido LGA); and the Universi­ty College Hospital, Ibadan. “I wish to appeal to all for strict compliance with this advisory and to reiter­ate that the Oyo State gov­ernment cannot afford any depletion in the healthcare workforce due to ill health arising from coronavirus infection. “If you see something, say something, and if you know something, please speak up,” the statement concluded.