Alozie Alozie, a US-based social commentator, is the Director General, Atiku Campaign Stream. In this interview with JOHN AMUDO, he aired his views on crucial issues such as restructuring and the quest for a President of Southern extraction. Excerpts: As politicians are strategising ahead of the 2023 general elections. What is your advice to them? As a peace loving democrat and a firm believer in a united and peaceful Nigeria, I will advice every Nigerian to embrace peace and dialogue. We are better living in peace than in trouble. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Igbos and a few others are canvassing for Igbo president in 2023. Do you see this as a reality? Sincerely speaking, I agree completely with my Igbo brothers and sisters that presidency should shift to the South East. I doubt if there is any true son of Igbo land that will not wish the same. However, this is power and politics. Power is negotiated and lobbied. You don’t get power by just asking for it, or simply on the basis of morals. No. Lagos Govt Will Not Condone Arbitrariness By Officials- Commissioner Buhari Renews Tenure Of MDs Of 7 River Basin Authorities, Appoints 2 More It is my personal opinion that ‘yes’, the Igbo should negotiate and lobby for presidency. However, I doubt if that would happen come 2023. But, if it does, I will be very happy. Also as an Igbo man, I know that what we really need is good governance and responsible government. My people can actually strive and succeed, even without being the president. But, as long as whoever is the president, so long he understands how to manage the nations’ economy. Igbos need sound economic policies, business friendly atmospheres, security, education and above all an environment to live peacefully and showcase our God given talents as entrepreneurs and experts in various fields of endeavours Do you see an Igbo emerging as president in 2023? My personal opinion and based on the structures of the two major political parties in Nigeria, PDP and APC, I doubt if it is possible for an Igbo man to emerge president come 2023 What is Atiku chance of becoming the president in 2023? Just like my people from the South East, I also believe that power should shift to North East, because they are yet to produce a president. From the North East, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar has got all that it takes to, not only be the president of Nigeria, but any other country of the world, including the United States of America. He has the clout, exposure, relationships across all the zones and tribes in Nigeria. He stands out as the most detribalised Nigerian, with close family ties across the three major tongues in Nigeria, Hausa, Igbo, Yoruba. Atiku has the right international friendship needed to bring back those big international companies that left Nigeria in droves couple of years ago. Above all, the Adamawa State born political juggernaut (Atiku) understands our economy. He understands our diversities and has a better understanding of our challenges with proven solutions. Atiku stands out as the only living Nigerian politician that will restructure the country, if elected president. I strongly believe that Atiku presidency is a sure bet to ushering in a youth based government in Nigeria Atiku remains the most liberal, cerebral and most popular politician in Nigeria today. His presidency automatically will place Nigeria on the right path of sustainable development by engaging many of the Nigerian best brains and experts both home and abroad. It is being rumoured that President Buhari has anointed someone that will succeed him. Could you react to this allegation? I don’t believe that President Buhari has appointed or anointed anybody to succeed him. But, I strongly believe that Mr. President would want Nigerians to choose their leader come 2023 Nigerians are clamouring for the removal of Service Chiefs. What is your take on this? I think the Service Chiefs have all given their best. Honestly, my take is that fresh hands and new ideas should be given a chance.