The Federal Government has stated that telcos subscribers with NIN have January 19 as the deadline to link their NIN with their SIM cards while subscribers without NIN have until February 9 to do so. Dr Isa Pantami, Minister of Communications and Digital Economy, also urged Nigerians to download the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC app) recently launched and be able to link up to seven SIM cards to their National Identification Number (NIN). He said that Ministry and NIMC are working on transforming the NIN enrolment process and the onward linkage to SIM cards as required by the Nigerian Communication Commission. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He also said the ministry, NIMC, and telecommunication operators would review the entire NIN linkage to SIM cards by network users should the Federal Government impose a fresh lockdown amid the second wave of the coronavirus pandemic. As of October 2020, the total number of mobile network connections was 207.58 million, but currently, only 43 million Nigerians have NIN, thus 164 million telephone users are at the risk of being deactivated. Twitter Account Linked to Iran-Backed Terrorist Militia Removed After Recruiting US Members NIMC Announces Resumption Of NIN Enrolment As Minister Vows To Address Workers’ Grievances Speaking on the increased number of Nigerians who gather at NIMC registrations centres following the deadline for NIN registration, the Minister said: “The earlier deadline was quoted by many national dailies without making reference to the initial one. You can Google the date. “It was announced 4th February, 2020; that was the first time the policy was announced and it was transmitted to the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) and the National Identity Management Commission (NIMC). However, at that time, NIMC was not under our supervision. “So, it was announced that every citizen who owns a SIM Card and the National Identification Number (NIN) should submit same to the mobile operators for integration. The number of SIM cards then was put at maximum three lines which have been reviewed now to about seven considering that we need data, artificial intelligence, etc. “But the challenge was the debate on why three SIMS; why not four. The argument was back and forth. The truth is that it was announced that this should be done. So, the citizens had February 2020 till December 2020 to obtain NIN and submit to their mobile network operator for integration. Government’s role is to announce the policy direction like we did while the parastatals were mandated to keep in touch with the citizens as part of their strategies for implementation and in collaboration with the mobile operators. “Therefore, saying that the deadline was two weeks is wrong. The deadline or earlier directive of February was still valid. So, you must comply. Pantami noted that, so long one has his/her National Identity Management Commission number, there is no need to visit registration centres for a long queue. “We developed an app, when you go online, you will see it. That app, as long as you have your NIMC number, you will only download it without visiting any office. You will be able to link up to seven SIM numbers to only one. I have already downloaded the app, launched the app, and already linked some of my numbers immediately. This is part of digitalisation,” Pantami noted. The minister explained further that the ministry and NIMC are putting heads together on transforming the NIN enrolment process and the onward linkage to SIM cards as required by the Nigerian Communication Commission. Speaking on the effect of the second wave of COVID-19 across the states, Pantami said the ministry, “NIMC and telecommunication operators would review the entire NIN linkage to SIM cards by network users should the Federal Government impose a fresh lockdown amid the second wave of the coronavirus pandemic.”