Lagos- In demonstration of its commitment to a multimodal transport system aimed at tackling traffic gridlocks in the metropolis, the Lagos State government has urged Lagosians to embrace the unlimited possibilities in water transportation to ease incessant traffic gridlock in the state. Abdoulbaq Ladi Balogun, managing director, Lagos Ferry Services (LAGFERRY), disclosed this in Lagos at the weekend in his New Year message to commuters. While mapping out LAGFERRY’s operational strategies for the year 2021, Balogun stated that Lagosians would witness a lot of transformation in water transportation this year. He added that arrangements have been concluded by the state government to increase the boat fleet to 20. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Balogun assured that his agency would reciprocate government’s huge investment in water transportation with improved and efficient service delivery to the residents this year. The LAGFERY boss, while wishing the residents a more prosperous New Year, urged them to consider water transportation as a possible alternative mode that is fast, seamless, safe and reliable, adding that the first quarter of 2021 would witness a lot of transformation in water transportation operations in the state. 18 year Old Found Dead Inside Hotel Room in Delta FRSC Decries Non Collection Of Processed Drivers’ License In South-East “I urge you to stay tuned and expect more remarkable giant strides in water transportation in the first quarter of the year as the agency takes delivery of additional world-class state-of-the-art boats to increase our fleets to 20 and our capacity to meet the ever-increasing demands”, he stated. Balogun, while commending the Babajide Sanwo-Olu administration for its unwavering support and commitment to intermodal transportation system in the state with huge investment in water transportation, informed that LAGFERRY achieved unprecedented milestones in its operations in the last one year by commuting over 200,000 passengers within 150 days of operation in 2020. He noted that the agency would have done better if not for the interruptions caused by the Covid–19 pandemic and ENDSARS protest. “Notable among the achievements and huge milestones recorded by LAGFERRY was expanding services to Epe, Badagry, Agbowa-Ikosi, Agbara and Ibeju-Lekki, contributing to 38% of the water transportation index to the transportation matrix of the state, improved water transportation contribution to Lagos GDP from 0.2% to 0.8%, paying high premium to safety and achieving accident free record”, he enthused. While informing that the agency has been able to provide reliable alternative intermodal transportation option for Lagosians by helping to decongest road traffic and ensuring the ease of doing business by providing innovative logistics solution for cargoes of corporate Lagos through the waterways, he assured the agency would remain committed to safety of passengers and would not compromise on any of the Covid –19 safety protocols as it relates to water transportation. “We will continue to break new grounds as we open up uncharted territory in water. We are committed to your safety as we promise not to compromise on Covid-19 safety protocols. We urge the commuting public to embrace water transportation as alternative to road transport just as we assure our passengers of our commitment to their safety and improved service delivery”. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION