ABUJA – The National Association of Nigerian Traders (NANTS) has urged the Federal Government to begin massive sensitisation and enlightenment of all actors including the private sector and agencies on the implementation of African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA). NANT said this has become necessary so that these critical stakeholders would be on the same page in understanding their roles, responsibilities and/or actions from the various levels. In a letter addressed to the Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, NANTS commended the Federal Government over the management of the affairs of the AfCFTA, especially the preparations for implementation of the Agreement under the minister’s leadership as the Chairman of the National Action Committee (NAC). ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! In the letter signed by Dr. Ken Ukaoha, National President of NANTS, said “now that we have successfully advanced beyond the 1st January 2021 implementation take off date, we believe it is real time to start massive sensitisation and enlightenment of all actors including the private sector and implementing agencies so that we would all remain on the same page in understanding roles, responsibilities and/or actions from the various levels. “Specifically, the private sector organisations would need to educate their members on the key points and outcomes of the negotiations and the requirements on their part as well as strategies for compliance with the various provisions on every thematic issue that is contained in the agreement negotiated. BREAKING: UNILAG Fixes February For Suspended 51st Convocation As Varsity Reopens Jan 25th COVID-19: Makinde Assures Oyo Workers Of Bumper Packages In 2021 “For this reason, Honourable Minister, we therefore request that you cause the Ministry, or in particular, the Nigeria Office for Trade Negotiations (NOTN – which has been responsible for the AfCFTA negotiations so far), to develop a synthesis which summarises all the items” negotiated on the table of the AfCFTA. “It is our humble submission that such articulated documentation that captures all the thematic issues should be produced and made available to all key stakeholders as it would help every Organization, Institution and/or Agency to have a clear and up-to-date understanding of the subjects so they could use same to engage in a thorough and effective sensitization of their members. “We further suggest that subject to your approval, the said document should be in a tabular form with columns specifying (but not limited to) the following: Each of the subject/thematic issue, Relevant Protocol or Annex, Nigeria’s position canvassed. He noted that the suggested synthesis would facilitate easy identification of actions, roles, tracking of impact and success stories (as may be necessary) for the minister’s report card as the Chair of NAC, while also helping his Ministry to prepare ahead of time for the review and amendment of the AfCFTA in the next five years, pursuant to the fulfilment of Articles 28 and 29 of the Agreement. “This benefit is in addition to the improvement of stakeholder knowledge-base which is very key to proper and effective implementation of the AfCFTA. “For emphasis, Honourable Minister, the sensitisation and awareness creation is not only critical to the effective implementation, but fundamental to galvanising the realisation of the benefits of the Agreement. “Nigerians want to know what was negotiated on their behalves and how the implementation would be conducted. “The required such sensitisation and public awareness must therefore be conducted with a basic document that provides informed knowledge,” he explained.