LAGOS  – Vice President Prof. Yemi Osinbajo has defended the recent reduction in tariffs on imported vehicles by the Federal Government, saying that retention of high duties don’t necessarily lead to growth in the sector. Osinbajo insisted that the government has the responsibility for ensuring the welfare of the people, stressing that the auto industry was important to the development of the country’s economy. The Vice President spoke at a virtual meeting at which some federal ministers interacted with the Nigeria Automotive Manufacturers Association (NAMA). ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Recalled that the Federal Government had recently reduced duties on tractors from its present 35 per cent to 10 per cent; motor vehicles for the transportation of goods from 35 per cent to 10 per cent and levy on motor vehicles for the transportation of persons from 35 per cent to 5 per cent. He said: “Government has the responsibility for ensuring the welfare of the people, everybody and every industry. And the Auto industry is important. I understand all the issues about how the auto industry contributes to macroeconomic growth, jobs and others.” Cameroon Community Applauds Dangote Cement For Providing Road Infrastructure AfCFTA Set To Boost Africa’s Economy With $29trn By 2050 – FDC Report Osinbajo challenged players in the sector to come out with whatever support it required from government and produce affordable Nigerian cars to most people. He declared that auto industry stakeholders needed to find a way of developing a local industry that would benefit the people, stressing that if that was not working, then, it may mean that it was not just an auto policy issue that was preventing the sector from growing. He further said “I want us to take all these into account and see that we must work jointly, it is not just about protecting an industry, it is about protecting the economy, and protecting everybody. There are countries of the world that have the same parameters as we have and are able to do much more for their people. “I think we should think along with those terms, and not simply think about how this industry will maintain this relatively high tariff and for how long will this high tariff be maintained. Is this the only way of sustaining the industry? I don’t think so. You don’t need 77% per cent tariff to ensure an industry grows, I don’t think so.” Present at the meeting were the Finance, Budget and National Planning Minister Zainab Ahmed; Industry, Trade and Investment Minister Otunba Niyi Adebayo and other top government officials alongside representatives of the automotive industry. The Vice President also said at another virtual meeting held with the Steering Committee of the MSMEs Survival Fund “with the kind of impact and interest already generated among Nigerians by the ongoing implementation of the Survival Fund under the Economic Sustainability Plan, there is now a need to expand the scope and reach of the benefits to an even larger number of the populace. The meeting was attended by Minister of State for Industry, Trade and Investment, Ambassador Mariam Katagum, Chairperson of the Committee; the Chairman of First Bank, Mrs Ibukun Awosika, the Committee’s Vice Chairperson, among other members. So far, the scheme has commenced disbursement to about 500,000 beneficiaries: the Payroll Support Scheme has paid close to 350,000 beneficiaries; almost 166,000 0f 300,000 artisans have benefitted from the Artisan & Transport Scheme; and the Corporate Affairs Commission was ramping up numbers to register 250,000 new businesses free of charge. By the end of December, an approximate of 400,000 payroll support beneficiaries would have received salaries for October to December, while structures have been put in place to commence the General Grants and the Guaranteed Offtake Scheme early next year”. Speaking on the implementation of the scheme and the need to expand the scope, the Vice President said “the data indicating what you have done so far shows that it is possible for government to deliver big programmes, and to deliver them credibly. And it is possible for people to actually benefit from government programmes especially with as little interference as possible from the political forces, which is what has been the bane of several government programmes in the years past. “I think that we must find ways of expanding the scope of the scheme, because when you look at the numbers that we have approval for, the numbers are small in comparison to the enormity of the problems that we are faced with. “Even if we are able to reach two million beneficiaries, it is still a tiny percentage of the millions who require help and assistance. So, I think we have to find ways of trying to seek an approval to expand the scope of the scheme. This is an important aspect of it.” SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION