ABUJA- After days of uncertainty, the Federal Government has settled for January 18th 2021 as resumption date for all educational institutions. The Minister of Education, c gave the disclosure on Thursday, through a statement made available by, Bem Goong, Director Press and Public Relations in the Ministry. The decision to resume academic activities is coming, despite rising cases of Coronavirus in the country. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Although the Minister had earlier hinted that schools resumption might be subject to reviews during briefings at the Presidential Task Force on Covid 19, chaired by Secretary to the Government of the Federation, Boss Mustapha, there are indications that the federal government decided on the date owing to pressures from stakeholders. “Sequel to the hint given during the press briefing of 12 January 2021 for the review of the proposed resumption date of 18th January 2021, the Federal Ministry of Education has undertaken a comprehensive appraisal of the situation. Prof Adana Was A Lover Of Justice, Detribalised Scholar-Former ASUU Chairman Fashola Reassures Public On Speedy Completion Of Third Mainland Bridge, Feb. 15 Reopening “After extensive consultations with relevant stakeholders, including State Governors, Commissioners of Education, Proprietors and heads of institutions, staff unions and students, the consensus of opinion is that the resumption date of 18th January should remain, while parents and respective institutions must ensure full compliance with COVID-19 protocols including:- “Compulsory wearing of Facemasks by all students, teachers and workers in all schools”, the statement added. Beyond this, schools are to ensure temperature checks and place hand washing facilities at strategic locations in all schools, while ensuring constant supply of water and sanitizers. Educational institutions are to enforce maintenance of social distancing and suspension of large gatherings such as assembly and visiting days, including avoiding overcrowding, limitations in class sizes and hostel occupancy. “All schools are to ensure availability of functional health clinics with facilities for isolation and transportation of suspected cases to medical facilities, while adhering to all other non-pharmaceutical protocols, restrictions and containment measures as may be prescribed/ approved by the PTF from time to time”, the statement added. According to the Minister, these measures are to ensure safe reopening of schools for academic activities and will be subject to constant review. Adamu urged teachers, school administrators and other stakeholders to ensure strict compliance. Recall that the decision also followed a brainstorming meeting between the apex regulatory Ministry and stakeholders in education sector, particularly those drawn from Private School Proprietors Association, Parents Teachers Association, State Commissioners of Education, among others.