LAGOS – Monday Ubani, former Second Vice President of Nigeria Bar Association (NBA) has appealed to Lagos State Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to stop land grabbers who are claiming he authorised the State officials to take over someone’s land in a matter that is presented in court, from using his name to break the law. Ubani lamented that in his 30 years of practice as a legal practitioner, the Governor’s Office or any State Ministry can never be used to execute court judgment. He stressed that only court officials are legally empowered to execute valid court judgments. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Speaking on the activities of land grabbers, Ubani, in a release on Friday, said that a few months ago, some men led by one “Engineer” Abiodun Ariori and few others working in cahoot with other land grabbers invaded a piece of land situated at No 1, Folurunsho Kuku Street, Off Agbaoku, Opebi, covered with a Certificate of Occupancy (C of O) obtained since 1989  belonging to a client company owned by a known Nigerian. According to him, the invasion was with thugs and Mobile Police personnel. Rob Holding Set To Sign New Long-term Contract At Arsenal New Year: Omisore Fetes OAUTH Patients, Pays Hospital Bill Worth N2m According to the lawyer, he reported the matter to the Nigeria Police Force and they were arrested, and when asked why they invaded the land, Mr Abiodun Ariori brandished a purported Supreme Court judgment that was delivered since 1990. Ubani said, “I sought and obtained the judgement and found out that the judgement has nothing to do with the said land in question. The judgement was in respect of a piece of property in Onigbagbon Area of Ikeja where Eko Hospital is presently situated. “My client’s land is at 1, Folurunsho Kuku Street, Off Agbaoku, that is several kilometres away from the said land in Onigbagbon with a Certificate of Occupancy obtained in 1989. Besides, if it is a judgment of court they ought to use the Court Sheriffs and officials for the enforcement and not thugs and men of Mopol.” The former NBA second Vice President said that since it was a land matter he sued and joined all the people that claimed that they were enforcing a Supreme Court judgement by invading the land. He said that they were duly served but refused to appear or respond to the claims and reliefs of his client, and the court  granted an injunction against them. According to him the injunction was also served and pasted on the property, and the suit No is ID/6199/LMW/2020. The lawyer  said that to his shock a week ago,he woke up and heard that the Ministry of Transport and Environment came  to paste Notice that the mechanics who are legitimately at the instance of the owner should vacate there within 48 Hours, with pictures of the Notice pasted on all the cars and on the property by the Ministry of Transport. Adding, “I called the Commissioner of Transport, Lagos,  a perfect  gentleman who picked my calls and asked that investigation be conducted on who in his ministry was behind it. I later found out that one Hon Fayinka in the Ministry of Transport was working with the land grabbers to take over the land illegitimatey. “I put a call across to the said  Hon Fayinka and he boasted to me that they are coming to take over the land very soon as they are acting on instructions from higher quarters. “I also wrote to the Commissioner of Transport and copied his Permanent Secretary of what the Ministry was about to do. I am yet to receive a response to the letter as I have evidence that it was delivered.” Ubani said that to his shock on 31st of December 2020 he received a call from the Mechanics on site that Lagos State Officials from the Governor’s Office, Enforcement Unit invaded the land with caterpillars, trucks, towing vans and over 150 police officials and thugs and beat and arrested everyone on site. “They beat the mechanics to stupor, arrested them and put them in black Maria and set out to tow all the vehicles away to Alausa. They used the caterpillar to destroy everything on site, pulled down some erected structures therein and padlocked the place. “To compound the case they came with the land grabbers who were boasting that they have taught the owner a lesson that they own Lagos and they are about to start building on the land despite the court order,” he said. He said that he was worried because the Commissioners of Transport Hon Oladeinde and his counterpart at Environment, Mr. Tunji Bello, all denied knowledge of the invasion, and even the Chairman of Lagos State Task Force is also not aware of the illegal operation of using state apparatus to carry out the personal ambition of notorious land grabbers. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION