P/HARCOURT – Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has in­sisted that his party, the People’s Demo­cratic Party (PDP), will take over power from the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in 2023. Wike said Nigerians know that PDP has their best interest at heart with the commitment it has shown in fulfilling every promise made in ensuring an enduring improvement in their socioeconomic situations. Governor Wike stated this at the commissioning of dual­ised Forces Avenue, Olumeni and Harvey Streets in Old Gov­ernment Residential Area, Port Harcourt, by Sokoto State Gov­ernor, Aminu Waziri Tambuw­al, on Friday night. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The governor stated that his conviction in developing the city and building it into world-class status that will market the entire state stems from the fact that it is the first point of con­tact to every visitor that comes to the state. He revealed that former Riv­ers State Governor, Celestine Omehia, before leaving office in October 2007, had awarded contract for the dualisation of Forces Avenue, but his suc­cessor, Chibuike Amaechi, for inexplicable reasons, stopped the contractor from executing the project. COVID-19: Ekiti Govt Imposes Curfew, Bans Public Gathering Don’t Borrow From N895bn Unclaimed Dividends, Dormant Accounts, SERAP Tells FG “Celestine Omehia was the one who awarded the dualisa­tion of this project, not to Julius Berger, but to another contrac­tor. But, his first cousin (Amae­chi) said the job should not go on. But I thank God today that Celestine Omehia is witness­ing that his dream has come through to the glory of God.” He stated that the reason why he will spend the next week commissioning more projects across the state is to remind Nigerians that PDP offers the only hope to emanci­pate the country from the ap­palling poor governance that has characterised the APC-led government since 2015. Governor Wike pointed out that the APC has been unable to keep its promises to Nigerians, and has also not confidently executed devel­opment projects in the states that they control, which have emboldened Nigerians to re­ject them. Speaking further, Governor Wike said the success of his de­velopment efforts has silenced the opposition, and they are overwhelmed that he has sur­passed their expectations. “I told you that the only way you can silence the opposition is to do what people would see. You don’t need to join issues with them on the pages of newspapers.”