OWERRI – Determined to clinch the position of the President-General of Ohanaeze Ndig­bo, Prof. George Obiozor has assured that the Igbos would no longer be seen as crying babies because their prob­lems are not insurmount­able. Besides, he vowed to as­semble Igbo talents and ex­perts to cater and defend the destiny of Ndigbo if elected. He said: “For far too long, Ndigbo have been objects of stereotype and profiling which ended in being mis­understood and misrepre­sented in national politics or business, academia or artisans”. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Addressing a press con­ference in Owerri, the Imo State capital, Obiozor, a former Nigerian ambassa­dor to the United States of America, the State of Israel and the Republic of Cyprus, assured he would defend the destiny of Ndigbo with ap­preciable success and dip­lomatic dexterity, decency and decorum under his leadership, According to him, the office of Ohanaeze Ndigbo is not a career or a job or a position to fulfil person­al ambition, but one that should, at this moment, come through inspiration and experience. Zulum Orders Quality Assessment Of Private Schools In Borno Intels Disagrees With Atiku Over Alleged Hindrance By FG “Under my leadership, “Ndigbo will never be vic­tims again of Nigerian tragic circumstances which they did not create nor can control. Ndigbo had been as­sociated with economic and business ingenuity, which had had a mixed bag of re­sponse of praise, jealousy and envy” While adding that the economic success associat­ed with Ndigbo had always been individual achieve­ments and successes, Obio­zor stated that under his leadership will herald a new era of prosperity of Ndigbo as collective efforts would start with the laudable ini­tiative of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, in terms of the Economic Stabilization Fund. He insisted that in the current position Ndigbo found itself, “the team that represents matters for that will determine much of the destiny of Ndigbo in Ni­geria or what follows. Our position should therefore begin with efforts to reinte­grate Ndigbo into Nigeria’s political process effectively, significantly and relevant­ly. This will require serious diplomacy and not confron­tations or conflicts. “