ABAKALIKI- Three policemen were on Friday killed by unknown gunmen who attacked Onueke police division. The attackers also left another policeman with a serious bullet wound. They also set the station ablaze and freed inmates in the cell. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Vehicles parked at the station were not also spared by the gunmen, as not less than four vehicles were burnt. The attack took place between 7pm to 8pm on Friday night. Tricycle Operator Docked For Alleged Manslaughter, Reckless Driving Court Admits Public Servant To N2m Bail For Alleged Forgery, Land Grabbing It was gathered that the gunmen came on motorcycles and one tricycle. It was further gathered that the hoodlums who engaged the police in gun duel, overpowered the policemen on duty before going on rampage. The State police spokesman, DSP loveth Odah confirmed the incident. She said the command had launched investigations into the attack with a view to arresting and bringing the the perpetrators to book. Odah urged the general public to provide the police with information that could lead to the arrest of the attackers. “Ye, three policemen were killed in the attack. We don’t know the identity of the attackers yet; and we are calling on the general public to provide information to the police in order to hunt down the perpetrators of this heinous crime”, Odah said. The attack was similar to the ones that happened during #EndSARS protests in the state. The State police commissioner, CP Philip Maku reportedly visited the Onueke Police Station Saturday morning to ascertain the level of havoc done by the hoodlums. He was reported to have vowed to fish out the perpetrators. Our Reporter who visited Onueke Saturday afternoon said the residents of the area were living in palpable fears as policemen were doing mass arrest in the area. Sources from the area also told our Reporter that there was no any misunderstanding between the police and the people of the area prior to the attack.