The belief that with Governor Willie Obiano hailing from Aguleri, the communal land dispute between his people and their neighbours in Umueri will come to an end was proved wrong yesterday when the two communities went for each others’ jugglers. As at the time of filling this report, one building, four vehicles and two motorcycles had been set ablaze by the warring factions according to police report. The caretaker committee chairman of Umueri, Chief Sunday Udealor declined comment according to him “until the matter is brought under control”. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! But another prominent citizen of Umueri who pleaded anonymity said much as police claimed that the situation has been brought to control gun shots still boom in the area. He, however, declined casualty figure. Gender Based Violence Undermines Opportunities For Women- NGO Okowa Congratulates Ace Comedian, Gordons, At 50 Sunday Independent learnt that the renewed crisis which claimed tens of lives and property worth millions of Naira in the 1990s was sparked off when a member of one of the communities erected a building on the disputed land and thus sparked a scramble for the land. A statement signed by the police public relations officer Mohammed Haruna read: “On 16/1/2021 at about 7:15am there was a report of crisis between Umueri and Aguleri Communities both in Anambra East LGA of Anambra State over a disputed area of land which both Communities were laying claim of ownership. Following the distress, the Command quickly dispatched joint Police teams comprising Police Mobile Force and Rapid Response Squad (PMF/RRS) and other Conventional Units in collaboration with other Security agencies led by the Deputy Commissioner of Police in charge of operations DCP Salman Dogo to the scene. “Situation was brought under control, while joint patrol is still ongoing to restore normalcy in the affected areas. “Meanwhile,no loss of lives and injuries have been reported. However,One building,four vehicles and two motorcycles were set ablaze by the warring factions. “Consequently, the Commissioner of Police CP John B.Abang has directed the State CID Awka to carry out discreet investigation in order to ascertain circumstances surrounding the incident and bring perpetrators to book. “The CP also warned both parties to maintain peace and explore all the legal avenues to resolve their grievances without resorting to violence.He further assured both parties that he would contact the State Government to intervene in the matter in order to find lasting solution to the lingering problem”. Sunday Independent reports that the disputed land has remained a bone of contention not just between Aguleri and Umuleri but among the seven river-rine communities of Aguleri Uno, Enugu-Aguleri, Umuoba Anam, Eziagulu-Otu, Enugu-Otu, and Mkpunando. It was learnt that the disputed piece of land was the headquarters of the Royal Niger Company which the communities collectively gave the company.