Most Rev. Matthew Hassan Kukah It said under Nigeria’s constitutional structure, citizens should be allowed to hold opinions, irrespective of their religious inclination, or political leanings. Garba Shehu, Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, in a statement made available to State House correspondents pointed out that Kukah may greatly have offended many with his recent controversial remarks against President Muhammadu Buhari and his government, with some even accusing him of voicing out anti-Islamic rhetoric. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to him, the reported ultimatum by a group based in Sokoto, the Muslim Solidarity Forum, calling on Most Rev. Kukah to tender an unreserved apology to the entire Muslim Ummah over his recent “malicious comments” against Islam, or quietly and quickly leave the state, is wrong because it is not in line with the constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Shehu argued that under the Nigerian constitution, every citizen had the right, among others, to freedom of speech and expression, the right to own property and reside in any part of the country, and the right to move freely without any inhibitions. Mass Closure Of Nigerian Varsities, Disastrous, Counterproductive –Afe Babalola States Receive N123.348bn Performance Grant From FG He said Nigeria’s strength lies in its diversity, noting that the right for all religions to coexist is enshrined in the country’s constitution. He pointed out that the duty of the government, more so this democratic government, was to ensure that the constitution was respected. But he remarked that all must respect the rights and sensitivities of their fellow Nigerians. He said: “Father Kukah has greatly offended many with his controversial remarks against the government and the person of the president, with some even accusing him of voicing anti- Islamic rhetoric. “On matters such as this, responsible leadership in any society must exercise restraint. “Knee-jerk reactions will not only cause the fraying of enduring relationships, but also the evisceration of peaceful communities such as Sokoto, the headquarters of the Muslim community, as beacon of pluralism and tolerance. “The Sultanate has historically had good relations with followers of all faiths. That is why Father Kukah was received on his arrival in Sokoto with friendship and tolerance. “Under our laws, groups or factions must not give quit notices, neither should they unilaterally sanction any perceived breaches. “Where they occur, it is the courts of law that should adjudicate. Unilateral action is not the way to go. “Groups, such as the Muslim Solidarity Forum, must be seen to share and uphold the country’s multi-religious principles. “And individuals like Father Kukah must respect the feelings of his fellow Nigerians in his private and public utterances.”