ADO-EKITI- Ekiti State government has hinted that plans are underway to procure modern technological equipment to boost the operation of the newly Inaugurated State Security Network, codenamed ‘Amotekun’. The governor disclosed that the equipment would strengthens the outfit’s surveillance operation in its bid to end kidnappings and banditry in Ekiti, adding  that the technological  warfare was expected to gulp a  sum of N1.4 billion  in 2021 fiscal year. Speaking through the Commissioner for Budget, Mr. Femi Ajayi during the breakdown of the 2021 appropriation law  with a budgetary provision of N109.666 billion,  the governor said  that huge investment  in the safety of Ekiti residents was paramount to his administration. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Similarly, the governor also earmarked N2.4billion for the smooth takeoff of the newly established State University christened, Bamidele Olumilua University, Ikere-Ekiti. Governor Kayode Fayemi had on December 23, 2020 assented to the budgetary provision christened “Budget of Recovery and Economic Restoration”, comprising  N58. 4 billion recurrent  and N51.6 billion capital expenditures. Ekiti Community Hails Buhari Over Ecological Project FG To Probe Sacked NDLEA Chairman Over Infractions “Following the incessant security challenges which include kidnapping, herders/farmers clashes, robberies in the country, to ensure the security of lives and properties, Governor Kayode Fayemi inaugurated the Ekiti State Security Trust Fund coined ‘Amotekun’ in collaboration with other South-Western States on 19th October, 2020. “A sum of N1,444 billion has been earmarked as capital allocation for Amotekun Corps. For procurement of Drones for surveillance, a sum of N550million has been earmarked while a total of  320 million will be spent  on safety city project and the Ekiti State Security Trust Fund  will gulp a sum of  N55 million”. He said a sum of N2.4 billion had been budgeted to start off the Bamidele Olumilua University  of Science  and Technology  while a total of N677 million  was earmarked for  the school of Commercial Agriculture, Isan Ekiti. The state has also  proposed to hold a Gender Summit and  a sum of N35 million had been budgeted to realise this, while a sum of  N20 million will be spent on construction of family court to attend to family issues timeously”. In the same year,  government  earmarked a total of N8 billion to  social services, covering education, health, gender empowerment, social security and other pivotal subsectors critical to the growth of the state’s economy. To fund the budget, Ajayi said a total of N29.6 billion is expected from the federation account, N8.4 billion as Internally Generated revenue, N4.5 billion from tertiary institutions and other sundry sources. The Commissioner stated  that the budget was tailored towards  resetting the economy to rise to Covid-19 challenge and  open a new vista in the fight against  poverty, engendering of  industrial growth and agribusiness. “Because of our preference for human capital development and equality of all genders, the state has  proposed to hold a Gender Summit and  a sum of N35 million had been budgeted to realise this ,while a sum of  N20 million will be spent on construction of family court to attend to family issues timeously”. On urban renewal development , Ajayi said a sum of N250 million is to be expended on the Master Plan of Ado Ekiti and Satellite Towns while a sum of  N4.5 million will be spent on ecological programme called NEWMAP. The commissioner said the present administration will leave no stone unturned in ensuring the full implementation of the 2021 Budget. “This is in fulfilment of the path signed with the good people of the State. This can only be feasible when we as good citizens perform our civic responsibilities in ensuring payment of taxes and other levies to improve the revenue accruable to the Government”.