Despite the ravaging second wave of the global pandemic of COVID-19, the Ogun State government has announced Monday, 18th of January as the resumption date for all the schools including technical colleges in the State. The state has also cancelled the staggerd classes introduced last term to control the spread of the virus in the State. In a statement signed by the State Education Commissioner, Professor Abayomi Arigbabu, the state government however mandated compliance with COVID-19 protocols. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The statement said wear of face mask is compulsory for both learners and tutors including the non-teaching staff of the schools. The statement further explained that regular washing of hands with soap and water, use of hand sanitizers, observing social and physical distancing should be maintained, while discouraging large gatherings such as assembly. Obiano’s People Resume War With Umueri Community Mesut Ozil To Join Fenerbahce From Arsenal The statement read, “Ogun State Ministry of Education, Science and Technology has directed all primary, secondary, as well as Government Science and Technical Colleges across the State to resume on Monday, January 18, 2021. “Parents, guardians, teachers, school administrators and other stakeholders, should ensure full compliance with all COVID-19 protocols as students resume to school. “It is compulsory to wear facemasks by all learners, teachers and non-teaching staff at all time, as well as the use of infrared thermometer for temperature check. “Regular washing of hands with soap and water, use of hand sanitizers, observing social and physical distancing should be maintained, while discouraging large gatherings such as assembly. “Isolation rooms, health clinic/bay already created should be functional and regularly maintained.” Ogun State is the 8th on the list of most affected states in th country with 2782 reported cases, according to the statistic released on Saturday. The State has also been reporting large figures many times in double figures compared to the first wave.