ABUJA- Nigeria Soldiers stationed at the Kugbo checkpoint on Thursday afternoon beat up five personnel of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Directorate of Road Traffic Services (DRTS), popularly known as VIO for impounding a vehicle belong to their senior colleague. The incident took place at about 2:15pm when the DRTS officers resumed work for afternoon traffic control duty. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Unknown to the DRTS personnel, that the senior army officer had lodged a complaint to the Guards Bridge unit stationed at Kugbo opposite the mechanic village that his car had been impounded by the Nyanya Command of DRTS. Independent gathered that, the driver of the impounded vehicle, a grey coloured Toyota Sienna bus with Lagos State registration number APP 729 DD who admitted to not having a valid driver’s license, had warned the VIO officers not to arrest the vehicle because it belonged to a military Colonel. Mob Set Man Ablaze For Allegedly Stealing, As Amotekun Stray Bullet Kills Okada Man In Ibadan Fire Claims Mother, Two Children In Bauchi The unsuspecting VIO personnel were unaware that the military officers had waited patiently for them knowing they would  carryout evening operation close to their location. They had barely settled down for operation when the hefty soldiers pounced on them from all directions, beating them mercilessly, not knowing that the unfortunate VIO officers were not the ones who impounded their superior’s vehicle. The VIO officers scampered into nearby hills and bushes for their lives. The beating of the VIO personnel however attracted cheers from motorists who decried their high handedness, while others simply gathered and watched the drama. When newsmen contacted the Chairman of the FCT Ministerial Task Team on Traffic Management, Comrade Ikharo Attah, he said that: “When I heard of it, I called the Kugbo DRTS Area Commander, Mr. Walter. He said the soldiers had mistaken his men for those in Nyanya who arrested their colleagues. He was bittered because he had intervened in the matter when he heard of the impounding of the soldier’s vehicle.” He further stated that: “While I cannot make a categorical statement on the matter now, I  can assure you that we would reach out to the military on the matter. What I can say clearly is that the military had been very supportive of the FCT Administration in traffic management and other key areas of city management and security.” It would be recalled that weeks after the EndSARS protests, some Civil Defence officers beat up VIO personnel from the same Kugbo command and damaged their official vehicle.