IBADAN – Some residents of Coca Cola, Leventis, Ajibade, Ajegunle, Oke- Itunu and neighbouring communities within Ibadan North Local government area have deserted their homes and shops to escape further reprisal attack by suspected hoodlums. It was gathered on Friday that trouble started in Coca Cola area when a suspected thief was arrested by the residents of the area on Thursday and set ablazed on Thursday. It was further gathered that the killing of the suspect made some of his colleagues storm the area shooting and destroying property in the area. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! An eyewitness who is a resident of the area disclosed that the hoodlums later storm the area around 4.pm that yesterday and shot two people. He stressed that they came back early morning on Friday on same mission, however, majority of the shop owners hurriedly shut, while most of the houses in the area were deserted. COVID-19: S’Africa Records 615 Deaths, Just Less Than 15,000 New Cases In 24hrs Dutch Govt Resigns Over Child Welfare Fraud Scandal Another shop owner at Ajibade said the hoodlums numbering about three on many commercial motorcycle stormed the area around 4 pm and shot two people. The shop owner who claimed anonymity spoke identified those killed as one said man and a woman identified as Toyin. He said that the man died as a result of the gunshot on Thursday while the woman, Toyin died Friday morning. He stressed that the fear of being attack made some of the residents to flee the area. According to him, “It was terrible yesterday. They shot two people. One man and a woman. The man died yesterday, but the woman, her name is Toyin died today (Friday).” Public Relations Officer of the state Police command, Mr. Olugbenga Fadeyi when contacted confirmed the incident on Friday. Fadeyi who said the police has stationed its men in the area to forestall future occurrences, however said that Police confirmed the death of one person. “The information I had is that they set ablaze a man suspected to be a thief Thursday morning. “So, later three men suspected to be cultists went on a repentance attack and shot at the man, one Ojo Jacob, about 58 years old, they shot him and ran away. “Because of this incident, the Police went there to station some policemen and patrol vehicles in the area to forestall further attacks. The police there are presently monitoring the situation to forestall further attacks. The police are also trailing them for possible arest.”