LAGOS  – The Director-General, Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), Dr Bashir Jamoh, has stated that the Badagry Deep Seaport project in Lagos, when fully operational is projected to boost the development of the country as a global maritime hub. The Badagry Deep Seaport project is being executed through a Public-Private Partnership (PPP) overseen by the Federal Ministry of Transportation, Federal Ministry of Trade and Investments and Lagos State Government, as well as a private consortium of APM Terminals, Orlean Invest, Oando, Terminal Investment Limited (TIL) and Macquarie. Jamoh , who made the declaration when he paid a courtesy visit to the Akran of Badagry, De- Wheno Aholu Menu Toyi 1, said the visit was meant to honour the traditional ruler and his kingdom for allocating land to NIMASA to establish its presence in the community, as Nigeria’s maritime regulatory authority before the take-off of the deep seaport project. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said: “Nigeria is strategically located at a significant point in the Atlantic Ocean, with about 853 kilometres coastline, which gives us a geographic advantage to become a maritime hub for not only the West and Central African region, but also the entire maritime trading world. “And with over 70 per cent of cargo bound for West and Central Africa destined for Nigeria, we also have a huge commercial advantage. AfCFTA, Others To Propel Nigeria’s Growth In 2021 – Rewane Volvo Reports Strongest Second-half Sales In Company History On Pandemic Recovery “The Badagry Deep Seaport, planned to be Africa’s biggest and most advanced seaport when it becomes operational, will help to maximise this extraordinarymaritimepotential. This is more so given the strategic place of Badagry in the region. Jamoh, however, promised that the land would be judiciously utilised, and that he would work with the traditional ruler and the kingdom to see to the implementation of the deep seaport project. The Alipoto of Badagry Kingdom, Chief Gbenga Fayemi, while commenting on the deep seaport project, said it was important for Badagry and the country, stressing that the project was suitably located between the lagoon and the ocean.