IBADAN – The Oyo State Police Command on Monday confirmed the arrest of 47 armed Fulanis in Igangan area of the state. The 47 armed men were arrested with sophisticated weapons such as guns, bows, arrows, charms, catapults, and bullets. Oyo Command made known the development through a press release personally issed and signed by the State Police Public Relation Officer, CSP. Olugbenga Fadeyi. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Fadeyi through a copy of the statement made available to INDEPENDENT in Ibadan the State Capital, stressed that the suspected hoodlums were caught with guns and other dangerous weapons, and were suspected to be on a reprisal mission in Igangan area. The Fulanis were arrested in their convoy of buses, claiming to be on the trail of some kidnappers who were about to collect ransom from relations of a kidnapped victim. Gov. Badaru Applauds Predecessors For Investing In Infrastructure Acting Homeland Security Secretary Chad Wolf To Step Down The 49 armed to tooth Fulanis according to CSP. Fadeyi were arrested by men of the State Joint Anti-Crime Security Patrol team codenamed Operation Burst. Fadeyi however added that investigation has been intensified on the arrest, adding that the suspects have been transferred to the State Criminal Investigation Department (SCID), Iyaganku, Ibadan. He said “Yes, the arrested Fulani men have been transfered to SCID Iyaganku, Ibadan for discreet investigation. “Though, it was alleged that the Fulani men claimed they were trailing some kidnappers who were about to collect ransom from relations of a kidnapped victim. “Investigation intensified on the arrest, pls.” Sources privy to the situation said the men were arrested in the early hours of Sunday at Ofiki River along Tapa/Igangan road in the Ibarapa North Local Government Area of the state. According to unconfirmed sources, the armed Fulani were allegedly invited by their kinsmen to strike in the area following the raid carried out by the men of the Oyo State Security Network Agency known as Operation Amotekun in the axis on Saturday. But Amotekun had said it raided the hideouts of kidnappers in the area on Saturday in an operation that lead to the death of three persons while one of officer of the Vigilante Group who also participated in the operation was injured. The security outfit said the raid was carried out in collaboration with members of the Miyetti Allah, Vigilante Group, hunters, and others. Effort to confirm the report from the Information Officer of Operation Burst also proved abortive as calls wasn’t going through on the line. But, the Coordinator of Odua People’s Congress in Oyo State, Rotimi Olumo, confirmed the incident. Also the OPC coordinator in Ibarapa Zone, Olanrewaju Ogedengbe, confirmed the story explaining that the armed men were loaded in three buses. He said, “Fourty seven of them were arrested at Ofiki River. They were caught with dane guns and after their buses were searched; sophisticated guns, bows, and arrows, charms, catapults, and bullets were also found. “Those arrested said they were brought from Ilorin, Iseyin and other places,” Ogedengbe said.