MAKURDI – The Benue State Command of the Nigeria Police arrested around 83 suspects in the state and recovered from them no fewer than 13 guns from De­cember 20, 2020 to the early part of this year. The Police Command also observed that 73 of the suspects which include robbers and cult­ists were all arrested in Makur­di, the state capital. Mukaddas Garba, the state Commissioner of Police (Com­pol), who disclosed this during a press briefing held at the po­lice headquarters, Makurdi, on Tuesday also said, five live ammunition, five cartridges as well as 20 knives and cutlasses were also recovered from the suspects. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He noted that preparatory to the festive period and as part of strategies to clamp down on cult activities and other heinous crimes perpetrators in Benue State, the command deployed police officers in var­ious locations to arrest identi­fied cultists, which yielded the result. The CP said, “Between 20th December, 2020 and 5th Janu­ary, 2021 one Festus Ijiwole also known as Ranky; Musa Saleh Ibrahim, Raymond Musa Opa­ke and 73 others were arrested at different locations in Mak­urdi. Accident Claims 6, Injures 9 On Lagos-Ibadan Expressway Lagos Deploys 1,250 Special Constabulary Officers To Boost Community Policing “On the spot search conduct­ed in their various houses led to the recovery of three locally made pistols, three single bar­rel cut to size guns, three live cartridges, five axes, 14 cutlass­es, six knives, military camou­flage uniforms, two bullet proof jackets, two suspected stolen laptops, arrows and charms.” The Compol also noted that during the period under review, the police arrested Stephen Eda in Otukpo Local Government Area (LGA) for being in posses­sion of two locally made pistols, fake Dollar notes and assorted charms, while Adah Michael was arrested in Okpokwu LGA with one locally made pistol. Mukaddas explained that also arrested for possessing fire­arms was one Mohammad Obe­ka who was arrested for being in possession of phones suspected to be stolen, adding that during investigation, the suspect led the Police to another gang member, Francis Ikya, where one locally made pistol with four rounds of live ammunition were recov­ered in his house. The Commissioner of Police further stated that men of the command also arrested a mo­torcycle snatcher, Aondoakura Tingir, while other members of his gang who had conspired and robbed a complainant of his motorcycle at Daudu were at large. Mukaddas said the suspect has since confessed to the crime, adding that the other suspects would soon be charged to court.