It would appear that the greatest drama to define American elections in recent memory is finally coming to its denouement. What a relief as Trump is quoted to have observed following the formal certification of the electoral college votes, already approved by the States and the unprecedented consequent mayhem, announced that the event marked the end of the greatest First Term Government in recent American history. This development must give deep relief to all Americans nay the entire wide world as while the macabre dance of shame lasted and the most bizarre reactions were played out, nothing was considered beyond the pale. And we are here talking of a maverick who has his thumb on the nuclear button! We also hope that with this development that Trump will forget his tauted big event to rival the inauguration party to hold on January 20, 2021. Trump is advised to heed the signs of the times as even a past Republican President, George Bush, has served notice that he would be attending Joe Biden inuguration. If he goes ahead, it might be time to expose the backside of the cock to forcefully bring home to him the nakedness of power. Most of us could not believe our eyes as Trump supporters in their numbers travelled long distances to invade the Capitol Hill, the seat of American administration, to stop the legislature from going through the ritual of confirming the electoral votes, already certified by the States. Trump’s supporters were at their worse behaviour ever as glass windows were shattered and entrance was gained by the mob into the hallowed chambers. What played out on cable Television was unbelievable desecration. Nancy Pelosi’s office was particularly thoroughly desecrated for obvious reasons. You would have to pinch yourself to ask if all that show of shame was actually playing out in America, the bastion of democracy, after an election was won, to mobilise a mob to upturn such a decision; and this was happening in America of all places! Incredulous! You would be excused for thinking of the unfolding of an elaborate conspiracy. How come the law enforcement agents allowed the Capitol Hill to be breached? What happened to intelligence gathering? And were the enforcement agents asleep as the mobs gathered for the Capitol Hill to be breached? The records indicate that the last time this happened was in 1812-4 to demonstrate the seriousness of this development! ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! No arrests were made as we watched but one expects that leveraging on cameras that those involved, particularly those who were so indiscreet enough to pose with the historic statues within the building must promptly face the music. Appropriate sanctions must be quickly visited, if for nothing, to act as strong deterrent to such uncivilised behaviour in the future. I laughed my head off over a cartoon which announced that west African governments raised a delegation led by no other but President Buhari to monitor and bring to safe harbour this outlandish experience of an election! As you contemplate all the drama, you must be forgiven for doubting the emotional and mental stability of President Trump. His desperation knew no bounds. He wanted his Vice, Mike Pence, to go and cause a stalemate during the formality of the certification of the electoral votes; but he was promptly informed by Pence that he does not have such powers which earned him name calling. It has been reported that the Vice President’s Chief of Staff, Marc Short, has been banned from the White House as a result. It has been suggested that President Trump should be impeached even at this late moment. Ijaw Youths Vs NDDC Nigeria: This Joke Called A Country But I believe such diversionary activities should be left alone. All attention must be focused now to quietly guide this American “BULL” from the China shop before he inflicts more damage that is going to be difficult to recover from. There are also spate of calls to invoke the 25th Amendment to sideline the President until the inauguration for there is palpable fear of what mischief he could be up to in his remaining limited time in office. This would require that the Vice President and a majority of the 15 Cabinet Secretaries agree to do so and subsequently transmit a letter to Congress for approval. And once such a Correspondence is transmitted to Congress the President is automatically sidelined. Considering the limited time left for the President to be in Office, only a majority at one of the Chambers is adequate for this approval to be given. But the problem is whether fiercely loyal Vice President, Mike Pence, will be willing to play along. Facebook has also taken the unprecedented and humiliating decision to block the President’s account on Facebook and Instagram in the first instance for the remaining period of his tainted Presidency to deny him access to stoke tension as he communicates with his rapid and passionate supporters to urge them to more destructive and destabilising actions. Nancy Polosi has served notice of the House preparedness to impeach the President if the Vice President is unwilling to activate the 25th Amendment. These are therefore exciting, interesting and uncertain times in the history of American politics. We take ringside seat as we await the drama to unfold. Meanwhile President Trump has assured that he will not relent in his efforts to make America Great AGAIN! I don’t honestly imagine that Trump is conscious of the extent of damage he has visited on his image. But with the American electorate as divided as it has proven, who ever believed that Trump will get over 70 million votes from the election, otherwise with the antics on display, Trump should not have any future with American politics. Definitely Trump will confront a spate of law suits. New York State Attorney has served notice that the State is waiting to commence court actions relating to tax evasion charges! It has been speculated that Trump might be the first President to go from White House to prison! Lol! What is very certain, in any case, is that the extent of snub that Trump will encounter hereafter should be enough to make another character evasive of the lime light. Americans Trust in God; may God come to their aid at this their critical moment of need.