Francis Onoiribholo BENIN – A socio-cultural group, known as the United Patriots Assembly of Nigeria (UPAN), has condemned those who have mistaken Bishop Matthew Kukah’s clarion call for incitement or treasonable outbursts. UPAN, however, commended the Presidency for its timely and clear dissociation from the press statements of Kukah’s antagonistswhich, it said, were borne out from crass parochiality and portends a great disservice to President Buhari, who the groups sought to give unwarranted glorification. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! UPAN, in a statement by Comrade Aiyamenkhue Edokpolo, its National Coordinator, stated, “It is on this note, that we rise to condemn the disingenuous and highly despicable press statements against the highly venerated Catholic Bishop by some ethnic warmongers, and which tend to threaten our fragile national cohesion. “To start with, the sociopolitical impasse that are bedeviling Nigeria didn’t starts today, and whereas our party the All Progressives Congress gave assuring-manifestoes to address or resolve these impasse as the case maybe; a number of factors clearly explains the persistence of the plethora of challenges; 5 Stars Arsenal Could Sign To Replace Ozil After Agreement To Terminate Contract Chief Judge Constitutes Tribunals For Kano State LG Poll “The tasks of rebuilding Nigeria from the ruins of past Federal Government administrations encapsulate a whole lot of patriotic interrogation like Bishop Kukah did, as well as nationalistic cross pollination of germane perspectives and roadmap. “It is a simplistic fallacy for tribal or regional war Lords to appropriate to themselves the sole task of speaking for or defending the President merely because of same geopolitical zones of origin. “As a patriotic pathfinder, the United Patriots Assembly of Nigeria do here and now respectfully appeal to our security apparatus, to take discerning and decisive measures in distinguishing thoroughbred social crusaders from ragtaggs in our match to 2023 Presidential election. “President Buhari has made quite a huge leap in the resuscitation of our ailing infrastructure and re-jiging our national security outlay, the results are not as tangible as anticipated by.most Nigerians, however, there are good reasons to support President Buhari to achieving more. “The Presidency must appreciate the need to be inclusively engage social, cultural and religious stakeholders across board; and purge itself of traits of crass exclusivity which has hindered most administration from attaining their set goals. “In the light of the foregoing, we will embark on vigorous sensitisation towards projecting an altruistically sound pathfinder as Nigeria next President,” he declared.