LAGOS – The Nigeria Customs Ser­vice (NCS), Federal Oper­ations Unit, Zone ‘C’, with headquarters in Owerri, Imo State, has said it has intensi­fied its anti-smuggling operations and in the process intercepted 5,200 live ammunition (cartridges of 30GR 70mm Calibre ) and con­traband with a Duty Paid Value (DPV) of N378,751,935.00. The unit revealed the seizures were made between November 23 and December 27, 2020. Similarly, the unit disclosed that through its interventions, it recov­ered N7,557,731.00 from Demand Notices (DN) on general goods that tried to cut corners from seaports through false declarations, transfer of value, and shortchange in duty payments meant for the coffers of Federal Government. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! These, Jerry Attah, Customs Public Relations Officer of the Unit, in a statement made available to Daily Independent, said brought the seizures to a cumulative sum of N386,309,666.00. He said they were made within the months under review, adding that it was a landmark in recent times. Casualty Figure Uncertain As Fuel Tanker Catches Fire In Lagos Yahaya Bello Sympathises With Victims’ Relations As Auto Crash Claims 14 Lives In Kogi Also, the Controller, Federal Op­erations Unit, Zone ‘C’, Comptroller Yusuf Lawal, expressed concerns over the trends in arms and ammu­nition smuggling in recent times. He made reference to the inter­ception in Lagos in 2017, Kwara in 2018 and just recently in Kebi. He said the smugglers were using different routes to carry out their ne­farious activities. The Customs boss revealed that the 5,200 live ammunition cartridg­es (30GR 70mm Calibre) were inter­cepted on December 13, 2020, add­ing that they were concealed with other goods and household items in a passenger vehicle, a Toyota Sien­na with reg. no: DKA 237 DW, along Nwezenyi Ikom Road, Cross River.” He added, “Only God knows what would have happened if these cartridges get to its destination unchecked, considering the fragile security of the nation, from armed robbery, kidnapping, banditry to in­surgency.” Comptroller Yusuf stated that the seized ammunition fall under Sched­ule 4 of the Common External Tariff, which, its importation was absolute prohibition. Other seized items include 1,215 bags of foreign parboiled 50kg rice, each mostly concealed in bags of beans, maize and groundnut seeds all with the aim of deceiving our officers. He said 38 jumbo bales of used clothing, 204 cartons of imported to­matoes and four used exotic vehicles including one new bullet proof Toy­ota Land Cruiser 2019 model (with­out end-user certificate), two Toyota Hilux 2016 and 2015 respectively, one Mercedes Benz ML350 2015, and oth­er controlled pharmaceutical prod­ucts at various locations were seized. The Comptroller said three sus­pects were arrested in connection with the seizures. Comptroller Yusuf Lawal attribut­ed the achievements to the leadership style of the Comptroller General of Customs, Col. Hameed Ibrahim Ali (Rtd) and the entire Management Team of the Nigeria Customs Service which recognises hard work, dedica­tion and commitment. “Without the management moti­vation and necessary logistics sup­port, we won’t have attained this feat within this short period,” he added. Similarly, Comptroller Yusuf, while commending the commit­ment, doggedness and diligence of the Officers and Men of the FOU ‘C’ for thwarting the antics of some dare-devil smugglers/economic sab­oteurs who used different methods to deceive the Service, further charged his officers to be professional and dil­igent in performing their statutory responsibilities in this year. “We believe we have what it takes to do more in this new year of 2021. Conse­quently, Let me use this special privi­lege to call on the public and you the members of the forth estate of the realm to join the Nigeria Customs Service in the advocacy campaign against the danger of smuggling to the nation’s economy.” He warned all economic sabo­teurs, would-be smugglers who see new year as a peak period for their nefarious acts to desist from such illegal business as the unit has de­vised other preemptive strategies that would make them run for their monies and count their losses.