The National President of Association of Nigeria Customs Licensed Agents (ANCLA) Hon. Tony Iju Nwabunike has appealed to all aggrieved members of the Association to bury their hatchet and return to the group, saying no person or group is perfect. Assuring that the group can explore continually the channels of dialogue and tolerance as it grows older and stronger, Nwabunike however, urged any member whoever feels offended or aggrieved by the leadership style of his administration to forgive any perceived shortcoming on his part. This was contained in the New Year statement of Nwabunike to members of ANLCA made available to DAILY INDEPENDENT. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “You may recall that criminal elements made murderous attempts at human lives and destroyed part of our property at the National Secretariat of ANLCA last year. “For this, we are moving forward without grudge and on behalf of all members of the National Executive Committee (NECOM), we have forgiven the misdeeds of anyone attempting to disrupt our development agenda for ANLCA and our profession. Government Policies Chasing Nigerian Importers To Ports Of Neighboring Countries – Uzodinma The Synergy Between NAGAFF And ANLCA Is Very Strong – Tanko “ANLCA is strong and indivisible. It is in reality, the mother of every group that identifies itself as a customs licenced or freight forwarding body in Nigeria. “As mother hen of the sector, our wings are wide enough to cover and cater for all. I hereby call on all aggrieved persons in our organisation to come into our warm embrace as we enter a new year. Let’s work together as one. “No person or group is perfect. Whoever feels offended or aggrieved by our style of administration should also forgive us any perceived shortcoming on our part. We can explore continually, the channels of dialogue and tolerance as we grow older and stronger,” he added. The ANLCA boss also assured his members of continuous engagement of government, strategically at various levels to achieve better deals for them all. He hinted that the association is looking forward to interfacing stronger with the Federal Ministry of Finance, Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) and the Bank of Industry (BoI) on the need for a special loan scheme to help logistics firms in expanding and maintaining fleet of heavy duty and lighter vehicles required beyond coverage of train services. While appreciating them for being part of the country’s social and economic success in 2020, he hinted that their individual and collective resilience in keeping the ports working and making the total logistics chain functional during the periods of lockdown and movement restrictions, underscores the importance of their relevance as essential service providers.