Let’swishourselvesahappyNew Yearfirstandwelcomeeveryone to 2021. It’s a great thing to have survived all the ups and downs that characterised the year 2020. That we survived the hustle and bustle of the year, 2020, is worthy of celebration. Is it the Coronavirus pandemic, or the #endsars# protest which claimed several innocent lives, not to mention the financial losses incurred by the people? These two events made 2020 a year to be forgotten in a hurry. 2020 was, by all intent, not a pleasant one for sports. The adjective unsportsmanlike best describes the year. The Coronavirus pandemic shutdown the greater part of theyear to theextent that the Tokyo Olympics was postponed to this year. For sixmonths footballleagues, the world over, were shutdown. There was no sector of the economy that was spared of the effects of the virus. The world is still battling to curtail the spread of the virus that has become some sort of albatross. The vaccine developedisnothundredpercentcurative. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Nigeria, as a country, recorded not much success sports wise. Basketball is the only sport that made the year worthy of celebration. The national women’s team, D’Tigress, qualified for theOlympicslastFebruaryinBelgrade Serbia, after putting a superlative performance at the Olympics Qualifying Tournament. The Men’s team also did the nation proud winning all their first phasegamesattheAfrobasketqualifiers in Kigali last November. Athletics-TrackandField- wassilent in the year as they did not participate in anychampionshipsduetothe coronavirus pandemic. After hosting the Lagos Marathon in February, the federation is bogged down by the leadership crisis that it is yet to resolve. For Those ‘I Love Igbobi College 1958-62/64 Set US Presidential Transition: Samson Agonistes Trump Football performance is nothing to write home about. Super Eagles recordedanunenviable recordthrowing away four goals lead against Sierra Leone in an Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in Benin City. The team in the year failed towinanygamelosing oneanddrawing the remaining games. Flying Eagles followedsuitwithpoorperformanceatthe WAFU Zone B, failing to qualify for the CAF U-20 tournament later in the year. Theyalsolostagameanddrewone. Two clubs, Plateau United and Kano Pillars, crashed out of their continental club tournaments at the first hurdle. Enyimba, who survived the first hurdle are at the verge of elimination needing to overcome 3-0 deficit recorded in their game against Al-Merickh of Sudan. However, whatworsenedabadsituationin2020wasPlateauUnitedFootball Club of Jos management placing their players on half salary because they lost theiropening2020/21leaguegame2-0to Kwara United in Jos. Recall that the league was suspended in March due to the Coronavirus Pandemic. Andwhenallhopeswerelostthat the league will not resume last year, the government, against all expectation, gavethefootballauthoritythego-a-head to kick start the league again, even with the second phase of the virus on. We were still celebrating the return of the league only for Plateau United management to cut short our joy with this announcement less than 24 hours that the league resumed. The club General manager, Pius Henwan, who gave this directive on Monday while addressing the players, lamented that they have no excuse not beaten Kwara United insisting that the decision would be rescinded if only the players recoup the three points by winning their next away game. While Henwan blamed the players for the loss, the coach, Abdu Maikaba, attributed the loss to injuries saying eight of his first team players missed the game. What a contradiction. The action of the club management only confirms the age-long belief that clubs’ ownership structure in the country is the league albatross. It is the singular problem that has held the league downfordecades. Becausetheclubsare thepropertiesof thestategovernments, the governors appoints their cronies to manage them. The clubs have become a tool for settling political cronies and are not professionally managed as the appointeeslackthewherewithaltotake theclubstotheirnextlevel. Players’welfare always takes a back seat. Imagine Heartland players were on the road for 48 hours to Katsina for a league game. Can a governor of a state travel by road for48hours? Thatisthevalueweplaced on players who are the most important in football. Without players there is no football. Ex-international, Christian Chukwu, confirmed in an interview with this paperthatthedevelopmentjustifiedthe belief that the Nigerian league was professional only in name. “Ihavesaiditmanytimesthatthere’s noprofessionalfootballinNigeria,” said Chukwu, whoasked,”Aretheplayers on contract in the first place? If they’re on contract, is it in their contract thatif the teamlooseagameorif they’renotdoing well, the players will go on half salary? “This is not practicable in climes where there’s real professional football league, becausetheplayerscouldtakelegalactionagainsttheclubif there’sgenuinecontactbetweenthem(players) and the club; but in Nigeria what we have is verbal contract and the players have no say in situations as this,” Chukwu lamented. This further puts into question the genuinenessof theleagueorganisers. Is the LMC sincere in taking the league to greaterheights? Thisquestionbecomes imperative because this is one of the anomalies the club licensing was supposed to solve. But the league has barely kicked off that the players, who are the main actors, who deserve to be protected, have now been subjected to an inhuman decisionbyamanagementthatisbereftof howaprofessionalfootballclub mustbe administered. One of the requirement of the club licensingistohaveplayerssignedavalid contractthatmustbedomiciledwiththe League Management Company, where the interests of the players are protected. If a valid contract was signed by the players, how can a club chairman single handedly slash players’ salaries without recourse to the contract signed withtheplayers? Theimplicationof this isthattheleagueisstillbusinessasusual wherecontractareverbalsotheplayers have no locus standi over the club. In other climes where professional football is truly practiced, it is the coach that should be on the hot seat and not the players. If not, Arsenal players that lost seven games in a row would have hadtheirwagesreducedbyover90%, if thelikesof Henwanshouldmanagethe club in London under a management like LMC. LikeI’vealwaysstated inthiscolumn for years now that as long as the clubs still retain their parastatals status and not as a professional outfit; and that until this ownership structure is reversed withthosewhohavetheinterestof Nigerianfootballatheartallowedtoownand administer the clubs, the situation will remain as barber’s chair that is always in motion without movement. For the League Management Company to have given Plateau United the clean bill of health to participate in the leaguemeantthattheysatisfiedtheClub Licensing requirement, a pre-requisite for any club to play in the league. If this istrue, itmeansthattheClubLicensing by the LMC is not only a farce but also a mirage. If nothowcanthemanagement of theclubtakesuchahorrendousdecision without considering the backlash. Football is a big business running into billions. It needs people with business acumen to manage it, not civil servants, who are sycophants. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION