…Says People Threaten To Leave Nigeria If Production Sharing Formula Is Amended …Says Task Before NASS Is To Tackle PIB This Year …Urges Leaders At All Levels To Address Challenges Facing The Country ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Abuja- The President of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan has revealed how people in and outside the country have been frustrating the passage of Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB). Lawan, who didnt disclosed the identify of these people frustrating the passage, equated the Bill to a demon that has defiled every effort in the past 20 years. Senate Will Not Betray Nigerians, Lawan Insists FG Special Public Works Programme Have Direct Impact On Communities, Bello Lawan also revealed that what the Senate will do when it resumes this month was to tackle the PIB, as the world is waiting for its passage. Addressing newsmen shortly after receiving a birthday card from the Senate Press Corps, his staff and Nations Assembly Commission, the President of the Senate, who turns 62 today, also revealed how some people begged for the deep shore production sharing formula not be amended. He added that the people actually threatened to leave the country if the amendment is carried out. Urging leaders at all level to address the challenges facing the country, Lawan said, “people within and outside the country have been working against the passage of the Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB). “The bill has been in the National Assembly in the past 20 years, since 2007 without success.” Insisting that no matter the pressure, lawmakers in the present Assembly would go to any length in passing the PIB, Lawan revealed that “when we resume we will work on the PIB because the world is waiting. It is like a demon that had defied every effort in the past.” On the production sharing formula, Lawan said, “when we were supposed to get two billion dollars every year in the past 20 years, we were getting 216 million dollars, but since the amendment we have been getting two billion dollars.” Advising all those leading the country to apply themselves fully to the service of the people as against rendering mediocre services and setting the pace for failure, Lawan said, “It is incumbent of all leaders at all levels to put ourselves together and address all challenges facing the country.  There are no excuse.” Commending the 9th National Assembly, Lawan said that so far, 97 percent of the budget has been achieved, adding, “this is an achievement since the 4th Assembly.” According to the Senate President, the National Assembly experienced its best performance during the life of the 9th National Assembly. He also said that the nation’s economy would have been worse if the budget had been passed midyear last year, adding that massive injection of public funds help to cushion the effect of recession. Appreciating his people for bringing him to the National Assembly, the President of the Senate said that he will never betray his people. Lawan, who repeatedly vowed not not to disappoint his Yobe North constituents, made it clear that he would prefer to quit his seat instead of doing those things that were not in the best interest of his people.