Akure- There’s no hope in sight in the current crisis rocking Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Ondo State, as some prominent leaders of the party on weekend dissociated themselves from the suspension slammed on some members by the party couple of weeks ago. The affected members, including the Minority Leader of the state House of Assembly, Mr. Rasheed Elegbeleye, Ayo Fadaka and others, were suspended on grounds that they allegedly visited former Governor of Ekiti State, Mr. Ayodele Fayose, at his Lagos residence. Their actions were however alleged to be anti-party activities. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Some leaders of the party from Akoko Northeast Local Government therefore dissociated the local government chapter of the party from the suspension, saying they were not carried along on the decision to suspend their representative at the state House of Assembly and other affected members of the party. They made the declaration at the end of a meeting attended by leaders of the party from all the political wards in the Local Government on Saturday. Ohwovoriole’s Death Great Loss- Okowa Okowa Congratulates Tambuwal At 55 According to a statement signed by the leaders including the Chairman, Ayelumo Peter, Deputy Chairman, Salisu Jimoh and Secretary; Aderinboye Samuel, they alleged the State Executive of the party of taking decision without carrying along the party’s members in their local government. The statement reads: “The suspension of our House of Assembly member was an affront to the Local Government in which there was no reference to the Local Government and no due process in their action. “We are telling the State Executive not to distabilise the party in the local government with rumours from disgruntled elements without proper investigation.” They, however, passed a vote of confidence in the minority leader, Elegbeleye during the meeting. The party leaders therefore advised the State Executive to always adhere strictly to due process most especially whenever it wanted to take disciplinary action against any member.