Barrister Taofik Gani, the Publicity Secretary of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Lagos state chapter, in this interview with TEMIDAYO AKINSUYI, speaks on the crisis in the party, his alleged suspension, and preparations by the party ahead of the 2023 governorship election in Lagos. Excerpts: In December 2019, The State Executive Committee of the PDP in Lagos State said it has suspended you and two other members for alleged anti-party activities. What led to that ? There was nothing like a State Exco; State Working Committee (SWC) or even any meeting at all which sat nor decided on any issues near suspending any officer at all. The State Legal Adviser of the party had since cleared the air and declared the purported suspension as a very illiterate endeavour which is null and void. The truth is that the Chairman singlehandedly in his home or office made such empty declaration without any other competent officer supporting it. It was obviously done by him to destabilise the party away from the pursuit of the recently manipulated Lagos East Senatorial bye elections. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! His leadership is not convincing at all. I regret belonging to this Exco. I will however play the “winner doesn’t quit” approach because I have always been on the winning side. I suspend other reactions for now. You also issued a statement that the state chairman of the party, Engr. Adedeji Doherty has resigned, a claim he denied. What is the true position of things? INEC/Professor: Witness’ Statement Stalls Court Process Opposition Discrediting Amotekun To Disparage Makinde’s Achievements- Oyo Commissioner Yes, I issued the statement and I stand by it, even though I stated it that he may have resigned. I stand by it. He (Adedeji Doherty) unilaterally and voluntarily exited the state SWC virtual platform. Isn’t that circumstantial enough that he lost confidence in the party and probably frustrated to exit?. It is also worthy of note to mention the fact that he also abandoned the State Secretariat and only purportedly issue official statements from his personal home or office. Somehow, he has come out to deny he resigned, so we move on, but surely he took that action at the heat of his own provoked acrimony in the party. His subsisting suspension, well reported by the media is however left for the appropriate party levels and leaderships to decide on. If he gets remorseful and proper in administration, the better for him to regain needed vote of confidence. The chairman announced that you are to face a Disciplinary Committee. Did that happen? There was nothing like that. No Disciplinary Committee was set up by anybody. In fact, no Committee like that sat at any point in time. No notice was served on any of those purportedly invited. I am not shocked because the man has surrounded himself with desperate vultures, political rookies and pathological betrayers. I hear some claim they win their local government. I dare him to repeat the claim in the local government in public. You have such as a confidant and you want to have progress? Sunday Olaifa, the LGA chairman of Oshodi/Isolo and the so-called Chairman abandoned election efforts the moment his governorship candidate lost the governorship primary. It took myself, the candidates, , former LGA chairman, Mrs Remi Adiukwu, Hon Adeyemo and others to mobilise resources, confront and stay overnight to protect our mandate. I also remember the gallant supports we received from our Prime Leader, the Atona Oodua of Yorubaland, Chief Bode George and the former state chairman, Capt. Tunji Shelle. They both made calls and were physically present at the collating centres to retain the ballot victories. Don’t also forget the fact that we also had a ready candidate for Lagos West Senate. My ward was used to win constituency 1. I still have the game secret. The four candidates are alive and if for sentiment they deny these facts, I succumb. Olaifa was even accused of sabotage but countered. Do you suspect any external influence in all this? Yes, I suspect that and it is possible because of political desperation. You have some people who want to be everything at every given opportunity. I cannot vouch for the commitment of very many party members at this time. There has to be serious renaissance in the Lagos PDP for any near repeat of the 2015 election victories. Indeed. I agree we must also forget and forgive but some persons are either deliberately acting betrayal or are innocently manipulated. We can win the 2023 governorship election if we all honestly allow competent hands to manage the affairs of the party and we field credible candidates. Is it not foolhardy that an aspirant that cannot even win House of Assembly Election will be aiming at House of Reps, Senate and Governorship election? Governor Seyi Makinde and former Ekiti state governor, Ayo Fayose have been embroiled in controversy over the leadership of the South West chapter of your party. What is your take on this? I am very happy that the National Working Committee ( NWC) and South West have set up reconciliation committees. The members are reputable people who are experienced and fearless. I have no doubt the lingering issues shall be resolved soonest. I will however implore the governor of Oyo, Engr. Seyi Makinde to focus on the strides already adopted. His success in Oyo will go a long way to sell PDP in Southwest for 2023 elections. He should be watchful of sycophants, detractors and obvious Half-Cast PDP leaders I have this assurance that very soon, we shall all know the good, the bad and the ugly in South West PDP. The many outstanding qualities of Makinde, which endear him to us, are his deference and respect for political leaders, elders and royal institutions. You can see his total respect for former President, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo; former Deputy National Chairman, Chief Bode George; former Governor of Oyo Oyo State, Alhaji Rasheed Ladoja; and the traditional rulers. His grassroots, local and international political socialisation stand him far better than his detractors. Are you impressed with developments in Lagos with the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic? The COVID-19 pandemic has provided alibi for the present government in Lagos to defend their inadequacies. The governor as a person may have attempted to establish some developments, in spite of the COVID-19 pandemic For instance, the recent abrogation of the bogus pensions for former governors, the introduction of #5m cash awards to excelling students and others are populist programmes which are commendable. If improved upon , we will have to restrategise campaigns to win 2023. I can however tell you that we will cross the bridge when we get there. Don’t you think this current crisis will affect your party ahead of the 2023 election? We do not have any terminal crisis. Fortunately the elections are still a bit far. I however hope that they are resolved before middle of 2021. With similar, if not worse crisis in the APC, Lagos PDP is good to go win the 2023 governorship election.