…Urges FG To Partially Lockdown The Nation Abuja- Following the spike in COVID-19 infection, federal government has been told to suspend school resumption, ban burials, weddings and political gatherings. The federal government has also been advised to partially lockdown the nation to check the spread of the novel virus. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The African Centre for Justice and Human Rights (ACJHR), which gave this advise on Monday, added that federal government should reinforce covid regulation and compliance enforcement, noting that government is losing control of covid infection spread; thus, imminent death on the streets is rising if it doesn’t act now. ACJHR, in a statement by its Executive Director, Barr. Nduka-Edede Chinwendu, emphasized that the rate at which the figures are increasing daily, government is gradually losing control of the spread of COVID-19 infection. Ohanaeze Ndigbo And The Challenges Before Obiozor APC Clears Kano State LG Poll The statement reads: “It is time for the government to declare a nationwide partial lockdown to avoid further large scale exposure to the virus.” “Additionally, it is of concern that the death toll due to the virus is also increasing. If the federal government fails to act fast, there is a tendency for the death-tolls to get out of hand. To tackle the continuous widespread exposure of the virus, we recommend the implementation of the following measures by the FG:” “First, we call on the FG to rescind his decision to reopen schools on January 18, 2021. While the FG might have the best intention regarding reopening schools, this intention is outweighed by the increasing death tolls rate. Consequently, we advised that the FG suspend school resumption until when it is safer.” “Second, it is also crucial for the FG to put measures in place to strictly enforce protocols released to curtail the further spread.” “Overall, the FG should also quickly consider banning burials, weddings, political gatherings, and other events capable of attracting crowds. Such gatherings are in clear breach of social distancing, one of the non-pharmaceutical measures to stop the spread.” “In conclusion, according to Chapter II of the 1999 Nigerian Constitution (As amended), the FG’s primary purpose to her citizenry is that of security and welfare. To achieve this, it must keep her citizens safe and far from harms-way by complying to the highlighted recommendations.”