CHIOMA UMEHA AND OYENIRAN APATA LAGOS – The Federal Government on Friday announced that about 70 percent (149,690,763) total target of Nigerians are being prior­itised for COVID-19 vaccines vaccination in 2021 and 2022 to reduce mortality and interrupt COVID-19 transmission in the country. Disclosing this on Friday to journalists was the National Pri­mary Health Care Development Agency (NPHCDA) during a Zoom meeting which also said that the health workers would be the number one target in or­der of priority to be vaccinated. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Chairman, Technical Work­ing Group for the therapy, Dr. Bassey Okposen, who said this while making his presentation explained, “Nigeria plans to reach 70 percent of the total population with COVID 19 vaccines by end of 2022. 70 percent of the popula­tiontargetedtoreducemortality due to COVID-19 in Nigeria. 20 percent of the vaccine needs will be covered by the COVAX facility in 2021 with GoN cover­ing operational cost and extra vaccine needs beyond the 20 percent. I Killed My Friend For Duping Me – Suspected Cultist Confesses How Evil Wind Made Oyo Politician Cripple Other categories of the pop­ulation are adults of 50+, people with comobidities and other risk group, Okposen said. Giving the breakdown, he said, 84, 655,749 health workers (40 percent), adults of 50+ (10 percent), persons with comor­biditiesbelow50years(1786) and other risk group (127) would be reached in 2021. In 2022, he said 30 percent (65,035,014) of additional other nisk groups would be reached, even as he added that the prior­itisation was based on current epidemiology of the COVID-19 in Nigeria. Okposen further said, 20 per­cent of the vaccine needs will be covered by the COVAX facility in 2021 with Goverment of Ni­geria covering operational cost and extra vaccine needs beyond the 20 percent. Chairman, Ministerial Ex­pert Advisory Committee on COVID-19, Prof. Oyewale To­mori, noted that Nigeria lacked facilities for vaccine trials. Speaking Friday, during the webinar, Tomori said COVID-19 vaccines expected in the coun­try would not undergo further clinical trials before being ad­ministered on Nigerians. This, the Prof of Virology ex­plained, was as a result of the absence of the needed facilities to carry out such activities. Heelaborated, overtheyears, all vaccines acquired and ad­ministered in the country do not undergo further trials, add­ing that the country has always depended on the approval of the World Health Organisation (WHO) and endorsements from the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) for vaccine usage. Meanwhile, amidst fear of the possible spread of Corona­virus, the management of the University of Lagos (UNILAG), on Friday, announced an indef­inite shut down of the institu­tion’s guest house at the main campus, Akoka. The varsity spokesperson, Mrs. Olufadeke Akinleye con­firmed the development to Sat­urday INDEPENDENT during a telephone chat. Recall that the varsity within the last two weeks lost two distinguished scholars in the persons of Prof. Oyewusi Ibidapo-Obe, the university for­mer Vice-Chancellor and Prof. Duro Ajeyalemi, a former dean of the Faculty of Education and the pioneer registrar of the Joint Universities Preliminary Examination Board (JUPEB). An unconfirmed report said the two deceased scholars attended a wedding party in Lagos after which they fell ill, hospitalised and eventually died of the deadly coronavirus. This is as workers and staff expressed fear of an outbreak at the main campus. However, sources said the indefinite closure of the var­sity guest house, a popular relaxation spot for senior staff of the university might not be unconnected with the rising fear of the possible spread of the disease and contact tracing that had gripped the university community since the demise of the two distinguished scholars. Dr. Dele Ashiru, Chairman, Academic Staff Union of Uni­versities (ASUU), UNILAG chapter, had earlier in a chat told Saturday INDEPENDENT that the union was not opposed to contact tracing and other measures to ensure the safety of other members of the univer­sity community.