ABUJA- The ruling All Progressives Congress has raised concerns over the the distracting tantrums and ramblings which it said the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) issue as press statement on regular basis to traumatize Nigerians. The opposition party, APC said should rather be sombre and apologize to Nigerians over alleged 16 years misrule and not add insult to injury by distracting the present administration. The PDP had in a recent statement claimed that Nigerians are fed up with the APC administration under President Mohammadu Buhari, and that citizens are eagerly waiting for PDP to salvage the situation. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “The PDP is not surprised that the Buhari Presidency is rattled by the bitter truth that Nigerians are fed up with President Muhammadu Buhari as well as his All Progressives Congress (APC) and are rallying on our platform to rescue our nation from misrule.” “It is indeed pathetic that the Buhari Presidency thinks that it can beguile Nigerians again after all they got from it in almost six years are failed promises, a wrecked economy, weak currency, excruciating poverty, surging unemployment, unbridled treasury looting, patronizing of bandits, terrorists and kidnappers, double economic recession and a rapid decline to the horrible status of a failed state amongst others.” Umahi Running Ebonyi As His Private Business, Ebonyi PDP Alleges PDP Raises Alarm Over Plot By Certain Individuals To Disorganize Party In Osun State “Under President Buhari, all security, economic and social indicators have gone negative. It therefore amounts to a slap on the sensibility of Nigerians for the Buhari Presidency to attempt to compare the once thriving lives of Nigerians under the PDP, to the sorry state of affairs in our country, which has become a terrorist haven and world poverty capital in a space of six years” amongst others.” However in a statement signed by John James Akpan Udoedehe, Secretary of APC Caretaker /Extraordinary Conventions Planning Committee (CECPC), the APC attributed current difficulties to the failure of the opposition to invest when crude oil sold $100 per barrel but instead engaged in unbridled corruption. It chides the PDP for ever imagining that Nigerians will allow it return to power after what it did for 16 years. “The All Progressives Congress (APC) has noted yet with concern the tales and ramblings issued by PDP as a press regular; which to all discerning members of the public, it is full of sounds and fury, signifying nothing.” “It is our belief that Nigerians should be spared the trauma of a reminder of the disaster of PDP’s 16 years of misadventure in government.” “It should allow Nigerians forgive it for the numerous transgressions and agony it had put Nigerians through many years of misrule which their National Chairman had rightly publicly apologised to Nigerians.” “We would ordinarily have allowed PDP to wallow in its usual illusion – since its descent from power in 2015 – that “Nigerians desire their return to power;” how laughable! We are constrained to set the records straight because it borders on the collective sensibilities of Nigerians who have consistently and resoundingly proven in two consecutive cycles of general elections as well as other off-cycle elections, their outright rejection of the contraption called PDP and their (Nigerians) preference and endorsement of APC as the Party of choice for the majority of Nigerians.” “More so, if falsehood is allowed to fester, it may don the garb of truth. Where lies the moral authority of PDP to even contemplate comparing themselves to APC after its wasteful years in governance; but alas!” “Instead of burying its heads in shame, and allow sleeping dogs lie, its rantings keep reminding us of the ignominious era where: crude oil was sold at an average of $100 per barrel for a consecutive period of 4 years, which gave an excess of at least $30 per barrel above the budget benchmark and MTEF, and raking in surplus revenues – windfall, if you like – for the country; yet what did Nigeria and Nigerians have to show for that period. Nothing at all.” “Going by the cankerworm of revelations after the descent of PDP, the CBN’S VAULT was thrown open and virtually abandoning professionalism; where individuals drove in to cart away raw cash as political patronages and without recourse to paperwork and inflationary consequences.” “We need to remind all patriotic Nigerians, once again of the MISSING $20 BILLION DOLLARS from the coffers of Government as reported by the then country’s Number 1 banker (Sanusi Lamido Sanusi).” “Monies (Billions of Naira meant for arms importation) were reportedly discovered in private jets belonging to “allies of the then government” in far away South Africa, by the South African authorities, yet no questions were asked and no answers were given by the Nigerian government.” “There was indeed, reasonable grounds for a cover up. Over $16billion, as was the yet rotten revelation from public hearings, that was shared amongst friends in the name of power sector reforms by the PDP government, yet nothing to show for it. This much was established by the “Elumelu Committee’s report.” “Billions of dollars reportedly budgeted for the importation of arms to fight terrorism, particularly the Boko Haram, ended up in private accounts of politicians and their cronies which was infestation of the Dasukigate scandal.” “PDP wasted billions of dollars on marabouts, clergies and traditional rulers to purchase clout and support for its ill-fated political aspirations. Projects to the tune of billions of naira were completely abandoned after funds were budgeted accordingly, yet diverted to chase private ambitions. Might became right in all elections during the PDP era – even in the Governor’s Forum elections; 16 became greater than 19. Salaries of public servants were being owed serially and in most cases as was evident from the series of loans taken to pay salaries in the midst of the oil boom. How Sad!” “PDP has decided to play to the gallery in an attempt to play deniability and take away the gaze of Nigerians from the remarkable strides which the APC-led Administration of President Muhammadu Buhari is carrying out amidst very trying circumstances.” Akpan Udoedehe listed many achievements of the administration he believes will keep APC in power beyond the present administration.