ADO-EKITI- An Ado-Ekiti based lawyer Ademola Omeya has petitioned governor Kayode Fayemi over an alleged harassments of one of his clients, Mrs. Soares Febisola, by a certain governor’s Security Aide, Sola Durodola. Durodola said to be Governor’s Special Assistant  on Security Matters, according to the petitioner, had attempted to employ  the services of some military personnel to manhandle his client. The petition dated 12th January, 2021 from the Law Chambers of A.O. Okeya and Associates, alleged that the said Fayemi’s aide, had harassed and embarrassed her after driving recklessly against her on the road, on Monday, 11th January, 2021. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The petition explained  that the incident occurred around 4.45pm at Okesa  area of Ado Ekiti, where Durodola, who was in a car,  had allegedly driven recklessly and nearly hit her vehicle occupied by her family members, after the  petitioner’s car  had been passed by traffic lights. Durodola, in his reaction claimed that the petitioner was not telling the truth about the matter. Nigerian Stock Market Gains N325bn On Enhanced Buying Interest Stop Derogatory Statements Against Minister Of Education, Makama Tells Bauchi APC He said; “The woman in question was here begging for her wrong actions on the day of the incident Everything was a lie and I did not harass the woman. The woman damaged my vehicle.” However, the  petition state that; “Instead of showing remorse and  apologized to our client for his behavior, Mr. Durodola came down and started ranting, insulting and assaulting our client to the extent of calling her names. “Mr. Durodola later made a call and within some  minutes, three military personnel drove down in their truck and pointed a gun at our client’s head and drove her to the pavilion at Fajuyi.” “Our client then quickly made some calls to her colleagues to come to her aid. Though, they  appealed to my client and asked her to go, but the said Mr. Durodola told our client that she has been marked and that he will deal with her appropriately using his power, position and all he has.” The petitioner appealed to Governor Fayemi to rein in Durodola and stop him from carrying out further attacks on the victim. “It is therefore the instruction of our client to appeal to the Governor , to help use his good offices to call Mr. Durodola to order as the stories about his attitude and behavior can end up soiling the good name  Governor Fayemi has built over years”, she said. She also requested a  proper and in-depth investigation into the incident to avert future reoccurrence. Durodola was alleged to have beaten a Nurse working as an essential worker during the Covid-19 restriction in Ekiti, while he was also accused of harassing many journalists on duties during the period.