The Trade Union Congress of Nigeria (TUC) has stated that Nigeria’s job crisis is caused by Federal Government perennial under funding of some critical sectors, especially the education sector in the nation’s economy. The labour Center in a statement made available to DAILY INDEPENDENT yesterday and signed by Quadri Olaleye, its President, and Musa-Lawal Ozigi, Secretary General, called on the Federal Government to initiate and implement economic policies that would boost growth and job creation to save the economy from collapse this year. According to TUC, the present administration had forgotten the promised of ‘change mantra’ to the populace, adding that the unemployment rate had tripled since government came into power in 2015. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! They queried that government had not shown any prudence and responsibility in the dubbed 2021 budget tagged, “Budget of Economic Recovery and Resilience”. They noted that Nigeria is everyone’s business and all must unite to make it work. 2021: International Year For The Elimination Of Child Labour Non-payment Of Earned Allowances: SSANU-FUW Embarks On Three-Day Protest On Nigeria’s debt profile, which stood at N31.01 trillion as released by Debt Management Office (DMO) in June 2020, the labour Center said that in saner climes, where true patriots are in government, the proper thing for government to do was to cut down on cost of governance. The Labour Center lamented the sum of N540 billion budgeted to purchase Coronavirus vaccine in the 2021 national budget at a time when the nation’s infrastructure, healthcare facilities and education are gasping for breath. “Inflation rate oscillates between 14.89 and 15.0 percent, the unemployment rate and insecurity are all time high. Needless mention the high cost of governance and the “Nigerian factor” that is embedded in every contract they award. “Why should the state house earmarked N66.6m for the payment of Aso Rock rent, N45m for sewage charges, N116m for vehicle tyres, N436m was earmarked for replacement of vehicles and spare parts and N67m for fuel? Despite making N10m provision for Giant HD copier, the State House would still spend N46m and another N22m for printing of non-security and security documents respectively. You will recall that not too long ago it was in the news that the Petroleum Ministry spent over N113m for the purchase of Schneider pens, Yet they dubbed the 2021 budget “Budget of Economic Recovery and Resilience”. This does not show prudence and responsibility. Nigeria is our business and we must make it work. “To escape the club of houseboys’ roles we must stop accepting anything foreign as better and superior to ours? One of the lessons learned during the First World War was that the white people are not God. “The Congress expects that in 2021 the leadership must be patriotic enough to look inward and also stop taking away our resources to the land of our oppressors,” the statement added.