‘Strictly Come Dancing’ may have only just finished for another year, but it seems we know at least one of the contestants for 2019 already, with Chris Evans claiming that he’s already set to participate next year. The 52 year old presenter and radio host appeared on ‘The One Show’ on Wednesday night (December 19th), and when asked by Alex Jones to confirm or deny recent rumours that he’s set to take part in 2019, Evans replied: “Well, I have said yes, I have said yes.” Although he’s not officially signed up for it yet, he confirmed that he had met with the commissioning editor of ‘Strictly’ for a cup of tea, and was warned, “it’s not as easy as maybe you imagine it will be”. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He’d have been hoping to depart in a blaze of glory from his long-standing BBC Radio 2 breakfast show, but Chris Evans has suffered the ignominy of his ratings falling to a six-year low. Audience research body Rajar’s quarterly figures indicate that Evans’ flagship morning show pulled in 8.82 million listeners per week in the third quarter of 2018 – which represents the first time since 2012 that his ratings have dropped below nine million. It’s also a loss of around half a million listeners in the space of a year, with the same figures for 2017 recording 9.35 million. Amazing Health Benefits Of Cucumber (1) Helping My Ex-girlfriend Made Me A Fugitive The last time the audience dropped below that amount was between July and September in 2012, when the average was 8.5 million per week. There’s change coming in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, with Captain America star Chris Evans indicating that he’s going to leave the role after eight years. Evans, 37, portrayed one of the original cinematic Avengers alongside Iron Man, Thor, Hulk, Black Widow and Hawkeye in 10 of the 22 MCU movies. He’s now officially finished his filming for the fourth Avengers movie, and took to Twitter on Thursday (October 4th) to say that portraying Steve Rogers / Captain America has been “an honour”. “Officially wrapped on Avengers 4. It was an emotional day to say the least. Playing this role over the last 8 years has been an honour. To everyone in front of the camera, behind the camera, and in the audience, thank you for the memories! Eternally grateful,” Evans said. Source:Contact Music