LAGOS – As parts of its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), the Development Bank of Nigeria (DBN) Plc In a bid to has donated relief materials to economically challenged individuals and widows in rural communities of Keana in Nasarawa, Madagalli; Adamawa and Bakassi in Cross River states. The financial institution in a statement by its media consultant said that the initiative was intended to alleviate the challenges faced by the affected communities. Tony Okpanachi, Managing Director, DBN, in a statement, said that the posture of the bank, which is anchored on giving back to the society, motivated it to present the donations as part of its corporate social responsibility. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Besides, he added that the gesture was aimed at sustaining previous efforts by the bank to support the cause of the displaced persons, widows, and to rehabilitate victims of insurgency. He said: “Beyond our mandate of providing access to finance to Micro, Small, and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) to stimulate economic growth; the bank decided to come together to extend a helping hand to these beneficiaries by providing relief materials to the economically challenged in Keana- Nasarawa, Madagali- Adamawa, and Bakassi in Cross River states. Dana Air Receives Two Boeing Aircraft From Maintenance Facility No Political Influence On Our Business Decisions – Intels “We hope that this little gesture will go a long way in addressing some of the challenges being faced by the beneficiaries, especially women in these communities.” Besides, Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri, the Adamawa State Governor, represented by Prof. Maxwell Gidado, his Chief of Staff, lauded DBN for the support towards Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) in Madagalli, Adamawa State. He emphasised that it would help alleviate the sufferings of victims of insurgency in the North East especially, during these festivities’ seasons. Also, Hajiya Halima Jibrin, the Commissioner for Woman Affairs, Nasarawa State, commended DBN for this initiative. Likewise, Prince Eyadim Eyadim, Chairman, Bakassi Local Government Area, while commending the initiative said DBN had touched the lives of widows and vulnerable, who had been forced to live as refugees due to the unrest faced in Bakassi in the past. He appealed to the bank to include the people of Bakassi in its future capacity building and financial literacy programmes.