The Academic Staff Union Of Universities (ASUU), Lagos Zone, on Tuesday, dismissed the labelling of the ASUU National recognized leadership of the union at the Lagos State University (LASU) as a faction. Coordinator, ASUU Lagos Zone, Olusiji Sowande, in a statement made available to Daily Independent explained that the working of the union does not give room for the faction in LASU and other institutions across the country. In his reaction to a report in a national daily that purportedly referred to the leadership of the union at LASU as factional, Sowande charged the general public to have a better understanding of the workings of ASUU, and avoid being used by divisive elements to generate misleading narratives. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The statement read in parts, “The attention of the National and Zonal leadership of our Union, ASUU, has been drawn to a publication in Premium Times dated 2nd January 2021, titled: “LASU VC Appointment: ASUU writes Sanwo-Olu, condemns selection process”, in which the ASUU National recognised leadership of the Union at the Lagos State University was described as a faction. “Consequently, it is necessary to reaffirm the following that the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) is one, and has no faction in any Nigerian University, including LASU, and operates an unbroken leadership structure from the Branches, through the Zones, to the National body. Enugu Schools To Resume January 18 BREAKING: SSANIP Issues 14-Days Ultimatum To Shut Down Federal Polytechnic, Damaturu In this unbroken chain of the Union’s leadership is the Dr Isaac Akinloye Oyewumi-led executive of Lagos State University (LASU) Branch. “As the Chairperson of ASUU-LASU, Dr Isaac Oyewumi is still a statutory member of the National Executive Council (NEC) and has continued to represent the LASU Branch of the Union as such. “Five out of nine current executive members (i.e. the Chairman, Vice-Chairman, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, and the Treasurer) of ASUU-LASU were maliciously tried on various trumped-up charges and were purportedly dismissed between 2017 and 2019. “The injustices done to the Union leaders in LASU are being challenged in the courts of competent jurisdiction. In line with the constitution of ASUU and its code of practice, until these cases are disposed of in the court of law, or the National Executive Council (NEC) of ASUU reviews the situation, the Isaac Oyewumi-led executive SHALL continue to be recognised as the leadership of the Union at the LASU Branch. “The Isaac Oyewumi-led executive of ASUU-LASU enjoys the unwavering support of the Union at both Zonal and National levels, and this position has been communicated several times to the university authorities and the government. “On behalf of ASUU National, the Lagos Zone, therefore, AFFIRMS without any ambiguity that the Open Letter of the 1st January 2021, to the Visitor of Lagos State University, undersigned by Comrades Tony Dansu and Adeolu Oyekan, falls within the discharge of their duties as officers of the Union, and in their specific capacities as the Secretary and Assistant Secretary of ASUU-LASU respectively,” the statement read. Sowande urged the public and all stakeholders to ignore the Ibrahim Bakare-led group parading as the leadership of ASUU in Lagos State University, saying that Dr Isaac Oyewumi still represents ASUU-LASU and enjoys unwavering support of the Union at both Zonal and National levels. Though the union praised the University Administration for truly preserving the integrity of the System and attention to the welfare of its members, ASUU, however, frowned that the Bakare led-group purporting to be ASUU officials would shamefully submit and become the mouthpiece of the University management.