State chairmen of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in the South-West have advised the former Governor of Osun State, Prince Olagunsoye Oyinlola to quit the factional reconciliation committee based on the fact that the committee was not set up by legitimate Excos of the Zonal Caretaker Committee in the South-West. A statement on Sunday, by the Chairman of the State Chairmen, Dr. Sikirulai Ogundele, said that by virtue the committee not being set up by the Zonal Caretaker Committee of the party, it can not be trusted by majority of the party members in the zone. Dr. Ogundele, who is also the Chairman of the PDP in Ogun State, said it will not augur well for the image of Prince Oyinlola in particular to be seen of carrying out an errand for Governor Makinde. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said the decision of the State chairmen to attend the meeting held at the Ibadan residence of former Governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose with Oyinlola and Dr Balogun was out of respect and not an acceptance of their reconciliation committee. Ogundele said; “Prince Oyinlola needs to respect his name and stop running around in the name of a reconciliation committee that is tailored by the person who set it up to work to a predetermined answers. Your Strike Action Baseless, Unjustifiable, Oyo Education Commissioner Tells Ibadan Poly Management Kontagora: Benue Declares Tuesday Work-Free “More so that Dr Saka Balogun, the man that Governor Makinde made secretary of the committee is his close ally and we are aware of what he told a leader of the party in Oyo State after our meeting in Ibadan recently. “It is therefore our advice that the two leaders should consider their name and quit that reconciliation committee set up by Governor Makinde because he who pays the piper will definitely dictate the tunes.” Speaking further, the chairman reiterated the mandate to the Engr Femi Babalola led reconciliation committee to work in collaboration with the National Reconciliation Committee set up by the National Working Committee of the party.