The quest by the Northern part of the country has been receiving knocks from many prominent Nigerians, especially those from the Northern part of the country who are members of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). Even though, President Muhammadu Buhari, the party’s first presidential candidate since its formation in 2013 will be completing his two terms of eight years in 2023, some northern power brokers are working underground to ensure the north produces the APC’s presidential candidate in 2023. Firing the first salvo late last year, Minister of Works and Housing Babatunde Fashola on Tuesday urged the APC to respect its zoning formula in picking its presidential candidate for the 2023 elections. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He described the decision as the core of the agreement reached by APC founding fathers prior to the 2015 elections. Fashola, who was Lagos State governor when the APC was founded and was a critical stakeholder at the time, said “The truth is that what makes an agreement spectacular is the honour in which it is made, not whether it is written. If it was written, there would be no court cases of breach of contract because it’s a document that is written and signed that go to court. “The private agreement you make with your brother and sister should not be breached. It must be honoured.” BREAKING: President Donald Trump  Of US Impeached Abia North Son Must Succeed Ikpeazu In 2023, Prof Ibe Insists He acknowledged that zoning is not in the party’s constitution, insiting that the party leaders had agreement on zoning when the party was being formed. He likened political parties to clubs “where you write agreements just like a social club and we can decide that it is the youngest person who will be the chairman of the club or we can decide that it is the oldest person or the next female or the next male. That is the matter of agreement among people.” There is no categorical provision for presidential zoning in the APC Constitution. The nearest to zoning is implied in Article 20 which states: ‘Election and Appointments (iv) Criteria for Nomination (6); it states that: “All such rules, regulations and guidelines shall take into consideration and uphold the principle of federal character, gender balance, geo-political spread and rotation of office, to as much as possible, ensure balance within the constituency covered.” His position was supported by Rotimi Amaechi, minister of transportation, who says the zoning arrangement for political offices should be respected ahead of the 2023 elections. When asked by the anchor if the APC will consider giving the South-East a chance for the presidency in 2023, Amaechi said “It is a difficult question for me to respond to. I just believe that the zoning which was done in the north and south should be respected, just like Fashola said.” Sharing his thoughts on the issue, Prof. Itse Sagay (SAN), renowned professor of law and civil rights activist said it is the turn of the Southerners to produce President Muhammadu Buhari’s successor in 2023, in order to preserve the unity of the country and ensure justice and fairness. Sagay, who is the Chairman of the Presidential Advisory Committee Against Corruption (PACAC) and APC chieftain also said there is an informal zoning agreement which the party must honour in selecting the presidential flagbearer for the 2023 general elections. According to him, even though the agreement was not written, the founders of APC all agreed that the presidency will move to the South after the North must have completed two terms of eight years. Sagay also said President Buhari shouldn’t be the one to determine his successor or come out openly to declare support for any of the aspirants, but only support his favoured aspirant with his vote. “He (Buhari) shouldn’t be the one to determine who will be his successor. There is a process in the APC such as primaries. Also in the APC, there is informal zoning. They did not write the agreement down but everybody agreed that after a Northerner has spent two terms in office, a Southerner will now be nominated by the APC as the presidential candidate”. “So, it is the turn of Southerners to compete for nomination. The Northerners would have completed their turn by 2023. This is just to ensure that there is unity, equity and no zone takes the other for a fool. So, my belief is that the President is going to ensure that the candidate will be a Southerner”. “He may support a candidate with his vote but I don’t think it will be proper for him to come out to say ‘this is the man I want to succeed me’. The aspirants, who are Southerners, should be given a level playing field to contest for votes from people who will vote at the primaries”. Also speaking on the presidential ambition of Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, the party’s national leader, Sagay said nothing bars the former Lagos state governor from contesting for the highest political office in the land. “Definitely, he (Tinubu) is free to contest. He is a potential presidential candidate with a quite number of others. Yes, there is no restriction or obstruction stopping him from contesting if he wants to” . Sharing Sagay’s views, Chief Olusegun Osoba, a former Governor of Ogun State and chieftain of the APC) said that the party has a gentleman agreement that the presidency should shift to the South after President Muhammadu Buhari’s tenure elapses in 2023. He also said though zoning is not in the constitution of the party, there was a conventional understanding in 2013 during APC’s formation that the presidency should rotate between the North and the South. Osoba also said that the APC National Leader, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, has the right to contest the 2023 presidency as the party has not zeroed in on any individual for its ticket. “I was the chairman of the Constitution Drafting Committee of APC during formation and there was a clear gentlemanly agreement that the northern part of the country should produce the president when we did the merger in 2013 and the chairman of the party would then come from the South. We’ve had the president for six and half years from the North and he will be there for eight years until 2023. Of course, at the end of the tenure of President Buhari, the gentleman agreement is that the presidency should come to the South.” The former governor, who maintained that the three geopolitical zones in the South – South-West, South-East and South-outh – should be allowed to present the next president of the country, advised the respective zones to put up candidates for the party’s presidential primary. According to him, “that was the gentlemanly understanding that we reached when we were doing the merger arrangement.” On Tinubu, he said: “Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, as an individual, has the right to put himself forward. We have not zeroed in on an individual. Zeroing in on any individual will destroy our efforts now, but Tinubu has a right to pursue his own agenda.” Osoba also urged the people of the South-West to unite and put their house in order to achieve success in the next presidential election. Also speaking on the zoning controversy , Prince Tony Momoh, a former Minister of Information and one of the party’s national leaders said it will be ill-advised for the APC to consider the North again for the ticket in 2023 after President Buhari’s tenure. He said “You don’t need an agreement about power rotation. In a presidential system, when you have one person to be the president, it is inevitable that if he comes from one area, his successor will come from another area. It is not a question of gentleman’s agreement. That is understood. If you don’t want power rotation, then you go to parliamentary system”. “If someone in the North has been president, the next time, someone from the South has to be considered to be President. The same party will be ill-advised to say they want to pick another person from the North. However, it is not that if they zoned the ticket to a particular zone, others will be stopped from contesting. He added that while all qualified aspirants from all parts of the country are free to contest, only the person who has the highest number of delegate votes will emerge as the presidential candidate. Momoh who cited the example of the APC primary in December 2014 said even though the APC zoned its ticket to the North, other presidential aspirants from the South such as Rochas Okorocha and the late Sam Nda-Isaiah contested the primaries. He said “It is not a question of being surprised or not. It is a question of someone who has clout and support contesting and emerging as the presidential candidate. There is no way anybody who doesn’t have any support especially from delegates all over the country will come out and said he wants to be president”. “In other words, many people who say they want to be president and don’t have the support of the delegates will be wasting their time. It is the person who has the support of the delegates, no matter where he comes from that will be the person flying the party’s flag. That is the process in every political party, not just in APC.