LAGOS – A Magistrate Court sitting in Benin City, Edo State has sentenced Mr. Adesh­ina Adeyemo, a tricycle operator, to three months imprisonment for assault­ing officials of the Federal Road Safety Corps (FRSC) in July 2020. This is as Dr. Boboye Oyeyemi, the FRSC Corps Marshal, has commended the Judiciary for quick dispensation of justice and warned motorists to desist from attacking security agencies. The culprit had stripped himself naked along Be­nin/Sapele Road in July 2020 and attacked patrol operatives and damaging their patrol vehicle in the process. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! A statement by Bisi Kazeem, FRSC Spokes­man, said Adeyemo was arraigned with a case file number MEV/117C/2020 before Snr. Magistrate F. Ojehumen of the Evbuori­aria Magistrate Court B on a two-count charge border­ing on conducting himself in a manner likely to cause breach of public peace. He was also sentenced for maliciously damaging FRSC patrol vehicle during patrol operations along Sapele-Benin road on 16 July, 2020. Anambra NSCDC Seals Private Guard Outfits Over Alleged Failure To Renew License Emir Appoints Kwankwaso District Head Giving the judgment, the defendant was found guilty as charged, but in line with the 2019 sentencing guide­lines, the Magistrate noted that he was entitled to Allo­cutus, as such, the sentence was mitigated. On the first count charge, the accused was to pay the sum of N5,000 or one-month imprison­ment and N41,000 or two months imprisonment for the second charge and both sentences were to run con­currently. The Defendant who failed to meet the option of fine, the statement hinted, had been taken into custody at the Nigeria Correctional Service in Benin City. Kazeem recalled that the rider was apprehended for committing the offences of driving against the traffic, driving without a valid drivers’ licence and under the influence of alcohol, but went berserk at the point of arrest, stripped himself naked and started throwing obstacles on both personnel and the patrol vehicle and at some point, even dragged the patrol op­eratives in uniform.