Former chairman, Academic Staff Union of Universities, ASUU, Dr Taiwo Oloruntoba Oju has described the death of Prof Bolaji Adana as saddening, given that he was so energetic until he took ill. Dr Oju, a lecturer at the Department of English, University of Ilorin, led the academic union, of the varsity branch of which Adana was an active member in defining industrial strike that back in 2001. The strike led to the sack of 49 foundation and illustrious academics of the institution of learning, which the Supreme Court overturned eight years later. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Speaking from Germany via a text message, exclusively to Daily Independent, Oju made a recap of the life and times of the late professor. “Prof. Bolaji Adana was 80 years of age when he died.” Resumption Of Schools In Kogi Remains January 18 – Commissioner Second Wave COVID-19: NAPPS Insists FG Must Keep Schools Open “Even so he was still very much energetic and full of life before he fell ill, so obviously we would have wanted him around for many, many more years. But he fell ill and has now gone to rest.” “We are happy that Prof. Adana lived a fulfilled life.” “His was a life of commitment. He was a committed academic, a committed social worker and a committed family man.” “His discipline was Guidance and Counselling, through which he impacted his students for many generations and also impacted his immediate community.”Z “Though he hailed from Imota (Ìjẹ̀búland), he became a model of a detribalized citizen in the university environment and in his adopted community of Egbejila in Ilorin.” “Prof. Adana was a lover of justice who never used his position to oppress others. He was also strong and resilient.” “In Unilorin, the powers that be tried to truncate his career but he stood firm, fought hard and ultimately become victorious, after which he gallantly bounced back and, along with his dutiful and supportive wife, built a flourishing school in his immediate community.” “In and through all of this, Prof. carried on his life without bitterness.“He was an amazingly jovial man; so much so that no one could ever be bored around him.” “Our distinguished Professor, friend and comrade has gone on a terminal leave away from us all.” “He deserves his rest and, as much as we miss and will keep missing him, we wish him a peaceful repose.” The professor died late Wednesday in Ilorin after a protracted illness. Prof Adana was a foundation staff, University of Ilorin, where he retired as an Associate Professor. He was at Tai Solarin University of Education as a visiting Professor and he was at the American University of West Africa, Gambia, where he was appointed Professor and pioneer Provost, College of Management and Information Technology, CMIT.