South Korea’s Hyundai Motor said it was in early talks with Apple, after local media reported the firms were discussing an electric car and battery tie-up, sending Hyundai shares surging 25%. The report comes weeks as Apple is moving forward with self-driving car technology and is aiming to produce a passenger vehicle that could include its own breakthrough battery technology as early as 2024. Early Friday, a Korean media report said the iPhone maker and Hyundai were in discussions to develop self-driving electric vehicles by 2027 and develop batteries at US factories operated by either Hyundai or its affiliate Kia Motors. The broadcaster didn’t cite sources. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Apple and Hyundai are in discussion, but as it is early stage, nothing has been decided,” Hyundai said in a statement. It didn’t say what the talks were about and omitted a reference in an earlier statement to Apple being in discussions with other global automakers as well as Hyundai. Boeing To Pay £1.84B As Part Of Settlement With US Department Of Justice Rishi Sunak To Delay Tax Hikes Until After March Budget Amid Mutant Virus Strain In a regulatory filing issued later, the carmaker said it was “getting requests for cooperation on joint development of autonomous electric vehicles from various companies”, without identifying any of them. Apple declined to comment. The iPhone maker is known to keep product plans under tight wraps. An Apple-branded car could be a big challenge to electric vehicle (EV) market leader Tesla. It remains unclear who would assemble such a car, but analysts have said they expect the company to rely on a manufacturing partner. “We continue to strongly believe Apple ultimately announces an EV strategic partnership in 2021 that lays the groundwork to enter the burgeoning EV space,” broker Wedbush analysts said. Hyundai and Apple already work together on CarPlay, Apple’s software for connecting iPhones to a variety of vehicles. “Apple outsourcing car production to Hyundai makes sense, because (the Korean firm) is known for quality,” said Jeong Yun-woo, a former designer at Hyundai and a professor at Unist in South Korea. “But I’m not sure whether it is a good strategy for automakers to be like the Foxconn of Apple as automakers face risks of losing control to tech firms,” he added, referring to the Taiwanese contract chip manufacturer’s supply contract with Apple on iPhones. Analysts said Apple may be interested in using Hyundai’s electric car platform and facilities to cut costs to develop and make vehicles. “Apple could see Hyundai as an ideal partner, because when it comes to legacy U.S. automakers, they all have strong unions, which Apple would like to avoid,” said Kevin Yoo, an analyst at eBest Investment and Securities. – Reuters