Lagos – 2021 is a year that has been much anticipated on every side to bid farewell  to 2020 and its turmoil. With the devastations of the outgone year, many are resolute that the New Year will usher in a great measure of relief. There are others with doubts of what the year holds and if it will be any different in birthing their expectations. Personal revelations and prophecies by different church leaders at the crossover even prior to Thursday (when this piece was going to press), would set the tone for individuals and nations who go by divine inspiration on how the year will look. Though the ‘culture’ of unveiling of prophecies has been said to be abused, with some allegedly seeking attention, giving failed prophecies or making predictions. Primate Elijah Babatunde Ayodele, leader of INRI Spiritual Evangelical Church, reportedly revealed weeks ago that another round of explosive protests will rock the fabrics of the country. In his 2021 prophecy, he was quoted to have said, “So many things are going wrong and if care is not taken we will not be able to feed. I am not an analyst, I am saying these from what the Lord has revealed to me. I don’t talk when I don’t need to talk. I am talking when God said talk; and I don’t fear to reveal what God has said I should. I am saying it the way I saw it. Tough time is ahead of Nigeria and we need to rise up to them and do what is right. Nigeria’s foreign reserve is in debt, we are passing through a very precarious situation that we will comprehend fully next year. Government must do what is right so that it will not have protests and counter protest.” ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Other highlights of Primate Ayodele’s 2021 prophecies include: “Buhari’s health will troubleshoot; “A secret document in the villa will be revealed; party will gang up against Senate President. Let’s pray against death of a prominent Senator; pray against a Governor being victim of accident. “Covid 19 will subside in August, September but won’t go. Another virus may emerge, let’s be watchful. World leaders will be humbled because problems that will surface. Nigeria will have international Court case. There will constitutional amendment. There will be explosions. And, let’s pray against death of a former President in the world and plane mishaps.” Hope For Widows Initiative Calls On Churches, Others To Show More Care Only God Has Final Say Over Nigeria, Says Muoka In his New Year message made available to SUNDAY INDEPENDENT, Baba Aladura, Elder (Dr.) Israel Akinadewo, Prelate, Motailatu Church Cherubim and Seraphim Worldwide (MCCSW) emphasised the need for spiritual and national regeneration. He called on Nigerians to seek God’s face, for the nation to be rebuilt, as he expressed hope for the losses of the past. The first Vice President, Organisation of African Instituted Churches (OAIC) stated, “Doubtlessly, 2020 has been a tortuous year globally and most especially, the extensive negative effects of the happenings on developing economies, Nigeria inclusive. Whilst the pandemic has distorted all plans, the years of ineffective planning in our country widened the wealth creation lacuna for the citizens and the economy at large. “The kidnappings, killings and loss of national orientation have also aided the current unpalatable situations in the country. Nonetheless, there is hope, if we truly forget all differences to unitedly call upon the name of God in addition to taking the necessary economic steps as does by many developed nations. Hence, the need for spiritual and national regeneration. “This season thus calls for forgiveness, repentance, humble admittance of our failings, and our sincere coming together in one accord to chart a better course for our nation. Whenever the biblical Jews faced this kinds of situation, their first point of call was seeking the face of God and they were equally determined in building a performing economy.” Akinadewo also said that Nigeria could also get to that level if “only we forget our differences and do the needful as said. The Scripture says that for man this is impossible, but for God all things are possible, Matthew 19 verse 26. Hence, our country shall rise again and above its inadequacies, through Christ our Lord. Wishing everyone a season filled with joy and unending testimonies throughout the new year.” For the  Rt. Rev. Humphrey Bamisebi Olumakaiye, Diocesan Bishop of Lagos (Anglican Communion) 2021 is a year to allow the milk of kindness flow freely. Also a year to refrain from speaking ill of the nation though they were disgusting happenings condoned by the leaders. He stated, “Yet another very crucial and important positive from the global challenge of 2020 is the glaring realisation that as human we are not created only for ourselves but for the purpose of God through genuine and affectionate concern for others. The world becomes a better place to live not because we have so much but because we give so much. The good that we do to others, especially those unknown to us and unable to repay us, bring a greater harmony and joy to our environment and increase our inner contentment and fulfillment. “We must always be mindful of the fact that the Lord expects us to be a light to a world in darkness and so we are not expected to become part of the increasing evil in the world but rather to show a better way of doing things in the midst of the rottenness. It is on this score that I am appealing to all of us not to dwell on our problems as a nation, but rather on the only trustworthy solution provider, our ever faithful God. “Let us be mindful of our negative proclamations on the nation. It will never solve but will rather increase our problems. There is so much to be angry and worried about in the nation because the people in charge are imperfect, so we need to daily pray that God will perfect them with His spirit and they will subsequently surrender to His will which will lead to overall rejoicing. It is an unfailing truism that God will never turn His back on the fervent prayers of His faithful children. The prayers of the faithful availeth much.” As the second wave of the COVID-19 is reportedly spreading, Olumakaiye strongly advised the government not to think of second lockdown, rather look for better ways of maintaining the safety protocols till recovery from this pandemic is achieved. Stressing that there is palpable anger in the land because of poverty and the fact that many people  lost fortune  due to the pandemic and several others vehemently doubt the reality of the virus, he suggested that as such, to forestall avoidable protest that may be worse than the #ENDSARS protest, the government should try to manage the situation in the best ways possible to enable the people to live their normal lives. He called on the leaders and the led to priotise the development of Nigeria, while reminding leaders to judiciously use their positions to better the lives of the citizenry, as they will render stewardship to God. He stated, “I call upon all of us to resolve to make Nigeria which is our Jerusalem greater in the year 2021 because we have nowhere else to call our nation. Our diversity should be our strength as it affords us a variety so please let us take advantage of it and stop joining others to spread hatred and division as we alone will be the victims of all negative impacts on our land. “I call upon all in position of leadership starting with our President to realize that all powers belong to God; and those to whom He gives it to as a privilege, they should realize that it comes with responsibilities, as they will render a full account. I plead with them to stop all selfishness and embrace selflessness in order to get the approval of God and man. Power is very transient but the impact and effect on those on which it is wielded remains unforgettable whether it is for good or for bad. All men in leadership positions should strive to leave a lasting positive legacy.” Assuring of a better year, he made known, “I know for a fact that 2021 is blessed because the Lord has promised never to leave nor forsake us. I therefore pray for an overflow of God’s blessings upon us and all that are ours in 2021. As a servant of the living God, I declare that our nation will be filled with surprising victory throughout the year 2021. Happy new year to you all. Happy New Year 2021.” Bishop (Dr.) Gbenga Ajadi of His Praise Deliverance Chapel Lagos, told SUNDAY INDEPENDENT that 2021 is going to be a fruitful year. “It is going to be a year of restoration, God will deal with bad leaders, the economy of the nation will pick up by April. God says, no hiding place for the wicked. For the pandemic, there shall be solution throughout the world. There will be God’s touch throughout the world. The educational sector will pick up again. America will experience season of miracles. God says my own will rejoice. Peace will reign saith the Lord of host.” Pastor Barnabas Otoibhi, General Overseer, Temple Rebuilders Ministry and state Deputy Director of Social Security Outreach/Inter Governmental Relations, Pentecostal Fellowship Of Nigeria, Lagos State, in a chat with SUNDAY INDEPENDENT called on churches to emphasise righteous living in 202, as he asked government to focus on citizens’ welfare in 2021 and restrategise on ensuring security of lives and property. “The Holy Spirit shall direct the affairs of the citizens to eliminate confusion of 2020. Citizens should endeavour to live for the glory of God to usher in peace and blessings in all spheres. Government should focus on citizens’ welfare and security of lives and property. Government should restrategise on security and allow citizens pray to usher in peace and progress in the country. Religious organisations should focus on citizens’ spiritual wellness and de-emphasise material prosperity.” Bishop Taiwo Ajose, Prophetic/Warfare Intercessor tagged 2021 a year of ‘turnaround and uncommon manifestations’ in his ‘prophecies for the world’ made available to SUNDAY INDEPENDENT said there will be further economic hardship, biological affliction and sudden vacuum in the political sphere. His statement, “The most complex and slippery nation in the world, Nigeria shall experience a lot of economic, political and social turbulence in 2021 more than in the last 30 years. The political leadership of Nigeria must engage in divine wisdom and get the nation praying more than ever before. A biological affliction shall arise in Nigeria which will compound the pandemic situation. This spring up from evil activities of world scientific powers who are bent on seeing Nigeria afflicted. However, this shall be nipped in the bud before it gets to an endemic or pandemic level. “The Nigerian political class shall seek for a new political direction for the nation as there shall be a sudden vacuum in the political direction of the nation. The national leadership shall seek to reposition the nation and entrench a political ideology in order to stabilise the ship of the nation. Some wicked political actors and powers who are bent on destabilizing the nation and try to make the nation ungovernable shall be exposed and shall be made to face the long arm of the law. Some politicians shall be arrested for trying to subvert the peace and unity of the nation.” For the economy, he did say, “More Nigerians shall enter into the poverty club as the Nigeria currency shall further slide unbearable low, more banks shall fold up or merge in order to stay in business. The Nigerian currency shall be devalued twice in 2021. “Nigerians should reach out and engage in internal online business that require little physical inventories in order to earn more foreign currency or income which can help the Nigeria economy.” Meanwhile, he noted that key personalities behind the devilish agenda of hosting the world hostage with the pandemic shall lose their lives and shall all be exposed for their evil deeds, adding that known and unknown names, including some heads of nations behind this international conspiracy shall meet their waterloo at the hand of the Almighty. On the foreign scene, he mentioned that the United States of America, shall be engaged in internal political strife, disorder, riots and protests in the first and third quarters of 2021. “Joe Biden, the President-elect of the USA should pray for his health in the first half of 2021. Incessant prayers should be made for him if he is not to lose his life by the second half of 2021.President Donald Trump should take time to seek the face of God in repentance and submission to the Almighty God. The Lord still has assignments for him, but he has to make himself fit for the Master’s use,” he stated. Regarding Russia and USA, the executive of Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), urged restraint and decorum between the two nations in order not to bring the world into another level of economic and political downturn. Ajose, underlined that 2021 would be laced with the sudden change in climatic and atmospheric conditions in the world that shall affect the time zones and length of day. He added that the United Kingdom shall experience great recession immediately after its divorce from the European Union. “The British Pound Sterling shall face a major decline in value and relevance. The UK shall also experience social unrest in the first half of 2021 due to economic downturn and insurgent activities.” Bishop Adekoya Olafimihan, Diocesan of Lagos East Diocese, Church of The Lord and Chairman of the Christian Council of Nigeria (CCN) revealed that, “2021 will be a glorious year. Everywhere one appears light shows, it will unfold many dark actions that have been uncovered.” Corroborating other clerics, he called for individual and national repentance, tracing Nigeria’s problem to FESTAC’77. “In 1977 different idols were brought to Nigeria which led to Nigeria’s problem. In order to place Nigeria where ideally it should be we must return to God. It is not about religiosity it is about total obedience to God,” he voiced. Adding his voice, Most Rev. Dr. Alfred Adewale Martins, The Catholic Archbishop of Lagos, charged Nigerians to shun the temptation of going into the New Year with fear to avoid being robbed of the joy that comes with the New Year 2021. In his New Year message signed by the Archdiocesan Director of Social Communications, Rev. Fr. Anthony Godonu, Archbishop Martins also challenged all government at the federal and state levels, to be proactive in addressing the fears being expressed by people. He advised government puts in place appropriate measures and policies that would mitigate against the projected renewed economic challenges that may come with the New Year. “In this New Year, my admonition to Nigerians is not to allow fear to rob them of the joy of seeing a New Year. I understand so many predictions have been going around in the social media that the year 2021 will be a tough year. But I urge you not to be afraid. Rather than succumb to fear and its corresponding apprehension, people should be optimistic and place their hope and trust in the Almighty God who is able to turn around all things for good. Yes, there are ominous situations that indicate that the year would be tough but faith and trust in God should make us optimistic and encourage us to go into the New Year with courage. “Let us start each day with a prayerful optimism and go about our responsibilities with utmost caution and in strict adherence to the COVID-19 protocols. However, as we pray with hope for divine intervention, we must also be prepared to work hard and be more productive in order to make the New Year a good and fruitful one,” he said. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION