LAGOS- Following resumption of schools amidst spike in COVID-19, Lagos State government has deployed officials to  monitor compliance with all safety guidelines as directed by the government. Speaking on Monday on the preparedness of the government to supervise schools across the State to ensure there 100 percent adherence to all safety measures, Adetola Salau, Senior Special Adviser (SSA) to Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu of Lagos State, on education, stated that officers from the ministry of education have been deployed to go on site, and make sure that all safety protocols are observed by teachers and students. She also urged parents to do their part to ensure that students are compliant. She said that the onus was on them at the ministry and the community to ensure that the spread of the disease would be checked and the spike brought  under control, especially at the school environment. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The SSA said that they had met with operators of schools before the resumption of schools on Monday and they gave them the assurance that their officers would constantly be on site to ensure compliance with all COVID-19 safety protocols. When asked  why the ministry was not making preparation for online classes against full resumption of schools, Salau said, “The ministry has been working on online classes since 2020 to have students in the public sector to be online, as well as engage stakeholders in the private sector. We have given out to our students over 20,000 radio devices and over 20,000 simple smart phones so that we would be able to engage them on online learning. JABU Graduates 430 Students, 21 First Class, Says VC Gunmen Ambush, Kill FUTA Deputy Registrar She said that the government has plan to get more radio devices and smart phones for the student to be able to engage on remote learning. She said that the ministry has been encouraging the private sector to engage in various methods of online learning, and also follow up on remote learning for their students.