…We Pray God To Remove  Buhari, His Entourage LAGOS- Chief Ayo Adebanjo, leader of Afenifere has said that Nigerians are being deceived that there is hope, stressing that until the constitution is changed to a federal constitution and the country is restructured, there would be no hope and peace in the country. He said that the country is operating with a constitution that is oppressive, which majority of the citizens also didn’t agree with, pointing out that a situation where the President exercises overwhelming power  would definitely not allow for peace. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He therefore prayed God to remove President Buhari and his entourage so that peace would reign in the country. While speaking with DAILY INDEPENDENT, the Afenifere leader said that there is no country now, stressing that a country where law and order are broken down would not be said to be a country, stressing that a country where people now negotiate with criminals is definitely a failed state. Ekene Dili Chukwu’s Son Dies Of COVID-19 In Lagos 5 Substitutes Approved For League Cup Semi-final, Final Matches While answering questions on the new year message of Mr. President, the elder statesman said that Nigerians should not deceive themselves to believe that the President made any statement during his new year message. He said, “Did the President say anything during the new year? People should not deceive themselves to believe that the President spoke. He did not say anything.  People can only press on him to change the country, if he would listen.” While commenting on the appeal by the Northern elders to the President to change the service chiefs and to reflect federal character in subsequent appointments, Adebanjo said that the Northern elders must be wasting their time to think that the President would ever listen to them. He said, “They are wasting their time. Is it the first time that they are calling on the President to change the service chiefs?  Bishop Mathew Kukah said it and many other Nigerians have said it, and he would not listen.” “I don’t waste my time with people like that. Even the Northern  elders know what I am talking about. They are just pretending. How can you have a President who cannot talk to the people? It hurts me.” Adding,”The only thing anybody can do now is to persuade him to change the constitution to federal constitution. The issue of federal character would be taken care of, because all that is embedded in the constitution.” “Does the President obey rule of law? Does he obey court order?  He sacks people any how, his appointments are so lopsided. The only thing we an pray to God is to remove him and his entourage so that peace can reign.” SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION