Dr. Christian Madubuko, the Commissioner for Arts, Culture and Tourism in Anambra State has resigned, alleging threat to life and sabotage. Madubuko has worked with the Governor Willie Obiano administration for years but resigned through a letter dated December 31 saying that the sabotage he has seen while working as commissioner in Anambra is the reason it is difficult for Nigeria to develop. Madubuko, trained in Canadian was first appointed as Commissioner for Industry, Trade and Commerce, the Commissioner for Road, Rail and Water Transportation and finally as Commissioner for Diaspora Affairs, Indigenous Artworks, Culture and Tourism. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! In his resignation letter Madubuko charged Governor Obiano to quickly wake up and take charge of the government, alleging that his government was run by a tiny cabal that insists on everything being done their way. Part of the resignation letter read, “I must sincerely thank the Governor for the opportunity to serve. When l was appointed Commissioner in 2018, the Governor directed me to block all revenue leakages. Ekene Dili Chukwu’s Son Dies Of COVID-19 In Lagos 5 Substitutes Approved For League Cup Semi-final, Final Matches “That l did without looking at faces. In the cause of fighting corrupt individuals holding the State revenue on the throat, all manners of frivolous petitions against me were written to the Governor accusing me of several misdeeds particularly destablising our party, APGA and advising the Governor to remove me before l do more harm to the party. “In several occasions, agents of darkness tried bribing me with milions of the naira. I arrested these criminals which was also applauded by the Governor at the exco meetings. Within this three years, l have been redeployed to three key ministries in the State as Commissioner. “I fought various parasitic interests and jailed many of them. I stepped on toes risking my own life for the survival of the State. Those toes l stepped on are now in the prowl for my life. I am no longer safe as l speak. In three different occasions, l received baptism of fire by unknown gunmen/assassins. “I was equally attacked severally at the Onitsha Main Market by the agents of the revenue criminals. All these attempts were to stop me from exposing the people involved in siphoning the State revenues into their private pockets to the detriments of the Anambra citizens. “I am particularly happy that the Governor acknowledged my positive and selfless contributions to the point of putting my on life on the line in the process of executing my assignments. All our efforts to help the Governor from all angles were unfortunately hijacked and framed in the bad light by forces of inordinate ambitions and insatiable greeds. “I watched my State being destroyed by a tiny cabal of renegades. I advise His Excellency the Governor, to rise up to the challanges of leadership and take charge of his Government. This is because, at the end of it all, the Governor alone takes all the glory for things done right and blames for things done wrong,” he said. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION