AHMAD TIJJANI ABDUL; JULIET OYOYO KANO / KADUNA – Alhaji Abubakar Kabiru Babawo, the president of Arewa Youth Traders Asso­ciation of Nigeria, said on Thursday that no fewer than 27 Kano traders on a business trip to Aba, in Abia State, lost their freedom to kidnappers along the Kaduna-Abuja high­way on Sunday. Similarly, armed bandits also kidnapped eighteen peo­ple in Kaduna, including four nursing mothers. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Babawo explained that the traders were on their way to Aba on Sunday so as to buy goods on Monday morning and return to Kano on Tues­day morning when kidnap­pers shot at their luxury bus on the Kaduna-Abuja high­way. He said the kidnappers initially demanded N50 mil­lion for the release of the 27 young traders after establish­ing communication with the victims’ families. Top Senate Republican Open To Convicting Trump In Impeachment Trial Chelsea Finally Sell Longest Serving Player After 3 Appearances In 9yrs However, they are pres­ently asking for N27 million for all of them to gain their freedom. He said: “It is sad that most of them are small scale traders as some of them don’t even have more than N400,000. “Incidentally, two of the boys have just been settled by their boss for them to be on their own – they were given N500,000 each. “Like those ones, where do you expect them to be able to raise the demanded ransom?” The Arewa Youth Traders Association of Nigeria presi­dent appealed for the release of the abducted 27 young traders as the security situ­ation was already impacting negatively on the business environment. In the meantime, the Ka­duna State government on Thursday said the incident occurred outside its bound­ary. Samuel Aruwan, Commis­sioner, Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs, Kaduna State, in a statement obtained by Daily Indepen­dent, said: “The federal secu­rity agencies operating on the Kaduna-Abuja road, as at this time, have not reported any such incident.” Aruwan added: “Fur­thermore, from all checks conducted so far by the Ka­duna State government, the alleged kidnapping occurred elsewhere in another state.” According to the commis­sioner, “The government, as the most credible source of security updates to the citi­zenry and the media, aims to continue in this role to promote accountability and transparency.” Gunmen Abduct Four Nursing Mothers, 14 Others In Kaduna Similarly, the people of Birnin Gwari have cried out again over the critical state of insecurity in their area af­ter armed bandits launched an attack on the people of Mando area of Kaduna State and abducted eighteen peo­ple, including four nursing mothers. Daily Independent learnt that the armed bandits start­ed with house to house search for grains and other food items and property. According to the statement made available by the Birnin Gwari Emirate Progressive Union (BEPU), this occurred about 1:30a.m on Wednes­day in Mando village, about five kilometres from Birnin Gwari town in Birnin Gwari Local Government Area of the state. The statement signed by the union chairman, Salisu Haruna, stated that the ban­dits struck with a house to house search for grains and other food items, property, and other valuables yet to be quantified. In the statement titled, ‘Se­curity Alert in Birnin Gwari General Area’, the group called on security operatives, particularly the Airforce Field Base in Birnin-Gwari and the government, to be more proactive in protecting the lives and property of the people. According to the state­ment, “After relative calm along the Birnin-Gwari-Fun­tua road, after the sustained onslaught by security forces, we regret to inform the gen­eral public of an attack at Mando village, a distance of five kilometres from Birnin- Gwari town. “In the latest incident, armed bandits attacked Man­do shortly after midnight, around 1:30a.m, and abduct­ed eighteen people, including four nursing mothers. “The armed bandits struck with a house to house search, taking grains and other food items and property whose values are yet to be quantified. “The eighteen people ab­ducted include four nursing mothers with their babies and ten able-bodied men to the bush. “We are calling on the se­curity personnel, particular­ly the Air Force Field Base, Birnin-Gwari, that is just three kilometres to Mando, and the governments, to be more proactive in protecting lives and property. ‘We equally urge our cit­izens to assist in reporting suspicious elements and their collaborators.” Speaking with the spokes­person of the Kaduna Po­lice Command, Mohammed Jalige, to confirm the inci­dent, he promised to make inquiries and get back. “I will find out and get back to you,” Jalige promised but did not do so as at press time.