LAGOS – Former President Goodluck Jonathan, has emerged Africa Peace and Security Leader of the Year 2020. Dr Ken Giami, Publisher of the United Kingdom-based magazine announced the award at the U.K. Head Office of the group. He stated that Jonathan was overwhelmingly chosen by poll respondents because of his commitment to deepening democracy, peace and security across the continent. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to him, the former President  who has led several African Union (AU) and ECOWAS missions across the continent, emerged winner after scoring over 80% of the total votes cast in the category, in a keenly contested poll, ahead of many other distinguished nominees across the continent. The former President was announced as the winner  in the ninth edition of the annual African Leadership Magazine Persons of the Year Award, alongside 12 other distinguished Africans, including: Dr Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, Director General, World Health Organization, WHO, as African of the Year 2020;  Nana Akufo-Addo, President of Ghana, as African Political Leader of the Year; Mo Ibrahim, founder, Mo Ibrahim foundation, as the African Philanthropist of the year 2020; Graca Machel, as African Climate Champion of the Year 2020. Enugu Extends Yellow Fever Vaccination To 3 LGs, Targets Additional 710,149 Residents COVID-19 Vaccine To Arrive Nigeria End Of March – ACDC, NIMR, Researchers A statement by the magazine indicated that the poll attracted over 120,000 votes on the ALM website, over 7 million active online engagement during the voting period and over 5000 votes via email. It stated that the winners shall be decorated and presented with honour instruments on February 26th, 2021, during the annual African Leadership Magazine Persons of the Year Award ceremony. “This year, the event is billed to hold virtually and set to host influential Africans in business, politics, and all spheres of African leadership spectrum”, the statement added. Giving more details on the selection process, the magazine stated: “The African Leadership Magazine Persons of the Year which is in its ninth year is an annual award reserved for distinguished Africans, who have blazed the trail in the year under review. “A shortlist of nominees are selected from results gathered via a call for the nomination – traditionally promoted via paid online and offline campaigns across the continent, Europe, and the Americas. The call for nomination is the first step in a multi-phased process.”