Enyimba bounced back from the dis­appointing defeat at Heartland in mid­week to score a convincing win over Kano Pillars in Aba on matchday 5 and move up to 5th in the 2020/21 Nige­ria Professional Football League (NPFL) table. Anayo Iwuala put the ‘Aba Elephants’ ahead in the 21st minute, Pillars nearly fash­ioned an immediate response but Ebuka David could only fire wide when clean through from Rabiu Ali’s pass. The home side wasted little time in extending their lead as Gabriel Orok scored from Dayo Ojo’s to give them a 2-0 lead at the break. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The visitors made three changes at the break as they sought a way back into the game with Rabiu Ali, Chin­edu Ike and David Ebuka re­placed by Bright Silas, Munk­aila Musa and Abbas Rabiu. The move paid off as Fa­had Usman curled home a brilliant free kick for Pillars to set up a grandstnd finish but Fatai Osho’s men held on to claim all three points to send Pillars down to 6th on the log. Man Utd, Liverpool End It In Draw Japan Government Dismisses Reports Of Possible Tokyo Olympics Cancellation Elsewhere, leaders Rivers United maintained their grip at the top with a routine win over struggling Heartland in Port Harcourt. The 18th placed Naze Millionaires seemed to have turned the corner after stem­ming a rub of three consecu­tive defeats with victory over Enyimba last time out, but they were brought crashing down to earth by the hosts who made easy pickings of their efforts on Sunday. Godwin Aguda got things rolling from the spot before Kazie Enyinanya doubled their lead after the break. Samuel Nnoshiri seemed to have given Heartland a way back after he scored twelve minutes from time but Michael Ohawume struck four minutes from the end to wrap up the win for Stanley Eguma’s side. In Lagos, MFM midfielder Muyiwa Balogun cancelled out Ugochukwu Ugwuoke’s opener for Rangers to ensure a share of the spoils at the Agege Stadium while Sadeeq Yusuf’s last gasp goal ensure Sunshine Stars saw off Warri Wolves in Akure. Uzochukwu Chigozie’s win­ner just after half time secured all three points for 2nd placed Nasarawa United against Katsina United while Austin Ogunye’s penalty in added time helped Lobi Stars see off Dakkada FC in Makurdi. Samuel Mathias put Lobi ahead after fifteen minutes but the visitors levelled through Christian Ekong in the 70th minute and with a draw looking likely, Lobi striker Chinonzo Okonkwo was brought down by Ola­wale Doyeni in the box with Ogunye dispatching the resul­tant penalty kick. Nasarawa Utd 1-0 Katsina UtdPlateau Utd 3-0 Adama­wa UtdEnyimba 2-1 Kano PillarsRivers Utd 2-1 Heart­landJigawa GS 0-0 Kwara UtdFC Ifeanyiubah 1-1 Abia WarriorsMFM 1-1 RangersLo­bi 2-1 Dakkada FCSunshine Stars 1-0 Wolves