The Blues boss has also opened up on his admiration for Roman Abramovich. Frank Lampard has admitted he is not immune from the sack at Chelsea despite his status as a club legend. Lampard is the Blues’ all-time leading scorer with 211 goals and won 11 major trophies during his time at Stamford Bridge as a player. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The former midfielder is going through a sticky patch as the club’s manager, though, having overseen just one win in Chelsea’s last six games. And ahead of Sunday’s FA Cup third-round clash with Morecambe, Lampard concedes he will be judged on his results. Afghanistan: 3 Killed In Kabul Blast PSG Post Threatens To Take Pochettino Down Wrong Path “All I want to concentrate on is the job in hand, I can’t control everything and I certainly don’t want to rely on what’s happened in the past,” he said. “What I see right now in terms of the position of the club, a month ago everything was rosy. Now everything – and very quickly – is negative. I have to look positively and things I can’t control outside of that I feel are a waste of time. “I have felt huge support from this club in the period I’ve been back as a manager. As a player, I felt huge support for 13 years and, in the end, I left the club because they wanted to move onto other things. “I understand what football is. I understand the demands and expectations. So I don’t think I have earned the right for anything that takes me out of that situation. All I can do is be honest with how I see things. “I understand there is work to be done here and the position we are in. The young players had a tough year last year and with the new players coming in this year who are expected to produce at a young age immediately, there are going to be challenges.” Lampard also spoke of his admiration for Roman Abramovich, although he acknowledged that the Russian could dismiss him whenever he sees fit. “It’s, of course, his prerogative,” he added. “I have to sit here and say that when he came to Chelsea all those years ago, it made my career. Who knows where I might have gone otherwise in my career, but fortunately I was at a club that the owner bought into and absolutely changed the face of it. “That changed my life and I understand that. However, I don’t think that should give me a head start. I’m here and I think the job I did last season, to finish fourth, was a huge positive given the constraints. After that, I need to go again.”