VICTORIA OJUGBANA; TITILOPE JOSEPH LAGOS – President Muhammadu Buhari has commiserated with family and friends of former military administrator of Lagos and Imo states, retired Rear Admiral Ndubuisi Kanu, aged 77. Buhari prayed for God’s covering over all his loved ones. The president, in a condolence message by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu, in Abuja on Wednesday condoled with professional colleagues of the gallant military officer. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He noted that the late Kanu distinguished himself in all positions and responsibilities during service, taking up more daunting, but historically rewarding challenges like speaking up for the weak and vulnerable, and the struggle for the country’s return to democratic government. According to him, Kanu’s credentials in serving the nation as a career military officer and as an activist with NADECO in actualising the June 12, 1993 mandate, remains commendable and will continue to inspire younger generations on patriotism. Mass Closure Of Nigerian Varsities, Disastrous, Counterproductive –Afe Babalola States Receive N123.348bn Performance Grant From FG Kanu Was A Complete Gentleman, Officer — Sanwo-Olu Lagos State governor, Mr. Babajide Sanwo-Olu, expressed sadness over the death of the chairman of the National Democratic Coalition (NADECO) and former military administrator of the state, Ndubuisi Kanu. Governor Sanwo-Olu, in a condolence message signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Mr. Gboyega Akosile, on Wednesday, described the late Kanu as a complete gentleman and officer, saying the former military administrator contributed immensely to the development of Lagos State during his short tenure in office. The governor praised the late Rear Admiral Kanu’s contribution to the country’s democracy, especially his fight, alongside the progressive elements in the country during the dark days of the military junta for the enthronement of constitutional democracy in Nigeria. Sanwo-Olu said the nation would miss the rich experience and knowledge of the late Naval Officer and democrat. He said: “On behalf of the government and people of Lagos State, I want to express my sincere and heartfelt condolences to the family, friends and comrades of late Ndubuisi Kanu as well as the Nigerian Navy, civil society organisations (CSOs) and the country in general.” Kanu Was Committed To Lagos Development — Gbajabiamila The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Mr. Femi Gbajabiamila, has expressed sadness over the passing of Rear Adm. Ndubuisi Godwin Kanu. Gbajabiamilia expressed his grief in a statement issued by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr. Lanre Lasisi, on Wednesday in Abuja. Gbajabiamilia said that the late Kanu would be remembered for his commitment to the development of Lagos State and the other states he governed. According to him, Kanu will also be remembered as a patriotic Nigerian who played a role in the making of Lagos State. While condoling with the family he left behind, the speaker prayed God to grant the soul of Kanu eternal rest. Ndubuisi Kalu’s Death Shocking — Uzodimma Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State has bemoaned the sudden death of one time military administrator of old Imo State, Admiral Ndubuisi Kalu, describing his death as a rude shock. Governor Uzodimma, in a statement by Oguwike Nwachuku, his Chief Press Secretary and Media Adviser, said Admiral Kalu was one of Nigeria’s finest and brightest who devoted his energy for the good of the country. He said Admiral Kalu got to the pinnacle of his profession by dint of hard work and remained committed to the discipline in the Armed Forces till his death. Governor Uzodimma said Admiral Kalu also joined forces with pro-democracy protagonists around the world and all apostles of democracy in Nigeria to preach for a better society anchored on rule of law. The governor regretted that Admiral Kalu died at a time Nigeria in general and Ndigbo in particular needed his services more. Ndubuisi Kanu’s Death Painful — Afenifere The pan-Yoruba socio-political organisation, Afenifere, described the death of Ndubuisi Kanu as a huge loss to Nigeria. In an interview, the National Publicity Secretary of Afenifere, Mr. Yinka Odumakin, said: “It was a very painful death. “We have lost a very ebullient, vibrant and progressive someone. “There is nothing we can do than to accept the will of God. “He has lived a fulfilled life and dedicated his life to good causes for which we shall always remember him. May his soul rest in peace and may God protect all that he left behind.” He Was A National Builder — South East PDP The South East chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) said it received with deep sense of loss, sorrow and sadness the death of retired Rear Admiral Ndubuisi Kanu. Mr. Augustine Okeke, South East Publicity Secretary, PDP, said this in a statement in Abuja on Wednesday. Okeke who described the deceased as a national builder, said that his death was a national tragedy. “It is a national tragedy to lose this nation builder especially at this time when the nation is facing dire security challenges requiring all hands especially such know ledgeable and experienced hands on security as that of Kanu are expected to be on deck. “Our hearts go out to his immediate and extended families, the people of South East and indeed to all Nigerians for the loss of this national iroko,” Okeke said. Kanu Left His Footprint In The Sands Of Time — Uwazuruike Former president of Aka Ikenga, an Igbo socio-cultural group, and delegate to the 2014 National Constitution Conference, Chief Goddy Uwazurike, described the death of Kanu as a great loss to the country. Uwazuruike added that the late ex-administrator, a chieftain of the pro-democracy group, NADECO, was a great man. According to the former Aka Ikenga president, “Admiral Godwin Ndubuisi Kanu was an enigma.  He had a soft voice. Yet he became a commander. Physically he didn’t look like a military man. What he lacked in physique he gained in his brainpower. It is therefore not a surprise that he rose to the height of his profession. As the governor of both Imo and Lagos states he left his footprint in the sands of time, he was a complete Igbo man, very passionate, brooked no nonsense and he never stood on ceremonies.” Kanu Left Indelible Footprints In Annals Of Nigeria’s Democracy—Orji Kalu Senate Chief Whip, Sen. Orji Kalu, described the death of Kanu as “a big loss” to Ndigbo and Nigeria as a whole. Kalu, in a condolence message on Wednesday, commiserated with Ndigbo, the people and government of Abia in particular over Kanu’s demise. While noting that the deceased was one of the few prominent Nigerians that fought for the enthronement of democracy, Kalu urged the political class to emulate the worthy legacies of the late statesman. The lawmaker described the retired naval officer as humble, dogged, courageous and fair in his pursuits in public service. “I received with pain the news of the passage of a leading light in Igboland and former chairman of NADECO, retired Rear Admiral Ndubuisi Kalu. “The late statesman contributed immensely to the enthronement and sustenance of democracy in Nigeria. “The democracy Nigerians are enjoying today is attributed to efforts of the deceased and a few others. He lived a fulfilled life dedicated to national service and humanity. “He has left indelible footprints in the annals of Nigeria’s democracy, owing to his remarkable, unbeatable and historic good deeds.” Rear Admiral Ndubuisi Kanu reportedly died of suspected COVID-19 complications early morning of Wednesday. He was an accomplished military officer having had a successful tenure in the Nigerian Naval Command. A graduate of National Defence Academy, India, he served in various leadership positions both in core naval postings and in special assignments. He was a member of the Supreme Military Council (1975 – 1976), first military governor of Imo State (1976 – 1977), military governor of Lagos State (1977 – 1978), member of the Supreme Military Council (1978 –1979), member of the Armed Forces Ruling Council (AFRC) (1986 – 1989), member of Special Committee on Review of the Report of the Political Bureau (1988) and chairman of Special AFRC Committee on Creation of Local Governments. He retired honourably in October 1990 and was a maritime consultant.