LAGOS – Concerned  about what he described as plan by some persons to marginalize Lagis indigenous in the appointment of a new Vice Chancellor for the Lagos State University, Major General Tajudeen Olanrewaju (Rtd), former Minister of Communications, has advised Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu to ensure that Lagos indigenes are not marginalised for the sake of fairness and equity. In a release on Saturday, Olanrewaju advised the Governor to take the right and proper decision in these very delicate times when voices are rising every day about the brazen marginalization of the native Lagosians, stressing that history would judge everyone for whatever role they play in the challenging moment. The former minister said that despite the various outcries and public interventions by many indigenous stakeholders about the attempt to skew and muddle the appointment of a new Vice Chancellor of the Lagos State University (LASU) in favour of Professor Ibiyemi Bello, the wife of Mr. Tunji Bello, who has been in public office for well over 20 years, the Lagos state government issued a statement which outrightly cancelled the former proceedings where four leading indigenous candidates had emerged as the clear frontrunners, with Mrs. Bello making the rear. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He said, “It seems there are still  some behind the scene schemings and obvious partisan intrusions to foist an unpopular and non-indigene upon LASU which is at variance with the original ideals of the founding fathers. “There is no state University that is being run by a non-indigene. It is a deliberate policy to empower the indigenous professionals and create better opportunities for the young indigenous population to have a better opportunity of University education.” Baruten LG Killings: Kwara Governor Calls For Calm, Restraint BREAKING: Late Orisabunmi’s Younger Sister Dies, Days After Brother’s Death While elaborating on the role he played  in ensuring better educational condition Lagos people, Olanrewaju said, “I played my role in ensuring better educational conditions for our people when i supported and encouraged the ceding of the Epe Artillery Base to LASU. “I was then the Commander of the Artillery Corps. I personally supervised the handover of the facilities to Governor Otedola to serve as a satellite campus of LASU.”