The Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19 last December ordered schools in the country to remain closed until January 18. Few days to the date, the Federal government confirmed January 18, 2021, just as parents and university lecturers are in dilemma over the spiking rate of the virus infection in the country. ROLAND OGBONNAYA writes After weeks of postula­tions and anxiety, the Federal Government onThursdayfinallyre­solved to go ahead with the Jan­uary 18, 2021 resumption date for schools nationwide despite the pressure being mounted by some organisations, including the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), against reopening of schools amid the second wave of the pandemic. Thedecisionto go aheadwith the January 18 date was taken after due consultations between the Ministry of Education and critical stakeholders in the ed­ucation sector. The Minister of Education, Alhaji Adamu Adamu, had during the press briefingof thePresidentialTask Force on COVID-19 on Monday said January 18 resumption date was not sacrosanct. He had given an indication that the date would be reviewed without giv­ing further details. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The National President of the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU), Prof Biodun Ogunyemi, had kicked against the reopening of schools amidst escalating rate of the pandemic, urging the government to provide the ideal environment and meet the conditions spelt out by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Con­trol (NCDC) before reopening schools across the country. Speaking on Thursday in Abuja, the Minister said, “You will recall that at the Monday briefing of the PTF, I mentioned that the task force directed our ministry to review the January 18plannedresumptiondateand come back with a decision on whether to retain it or further extend the school closure. Barcelona Goalkeeper Neto Wants Arsenal Guarantee Before Agreeing Transfer Onuesoke Hails Okowa For Bringing $40m Africa’s Largest Manufacturing Tower To Delta State “Based on that directive, se­niorofficialsintheministrymet onthematter. Wetookadecision on the matter. Apart from that, we decided to also consult with other stakeholders, like state commissioners for education. We have also done that. “The outcome of our con­sultation is that majority of the stakeholders want the January 18 resumption date to remain. So, it is now our collective deci­sion that the resumption should remain January 18. We intend to make the formal announce­   menteither today (Thursday) or tomorrow,” Adamu said. This decision is coming at the time whenUNICEFsaysthataround 1.6 billion students around the worldhavebeenoutof schoolas a result of COVID-19. Therehasbeenanavalanche of clamour by students and parents for the government to reopen the tertiary institutions. SomestudentswhospoketoSat­urday INDEPENDENT during the week said apart from disor­ganising the education system and calendar, the long closure of schools has put in jeopardy the future of many students as many may not return to school due to financial handicaps. Adaure Nnaemeka, a 200 lev­elstudentof PublicAdministra­tion, Abia State University told ourcorrespondentinLagosthat apart from losing an academic year, things will never be the same again. “I had a set target the year I am going to graduate, but here I am still at 200 level in­stead of 300 level. I cannot wait to go back to school,” she said. That was also the position of Andrew Aiyede, 300 level engi­neeringstudentof theUniversi­tyof Benin. HetoldSaturdayIN­DEPENDENT during the week that he was delighted when he got the information that the university would be opening on January 21. “That’s a big relief for me to resume my academic activities that have been on the limbo for almost a year now. Universities should put in place therulessetasideby thegovern­ment to contain the pandemic. Nigeria should also be working to acquire the vaccine. “Never again should Nige­ria consider another lockdown. The first one did not work in checking or eliminating the vi­rus and the second one will also nothelp. Weshouldlookbeyond lockdown,” he said. Students of public univer­sities have been at home since March 2020 when the Academ­ic Staff Union of Universities began a nine-month-long strike over certain demands. The union, however, conditionally suspended the industrial action on December 24, 2020, after a lot of vacillation by lecturers and the Federal Government. A professor of Virology and the Chairman, Expert Re­view Committee on COVID-19, Oyewale Tomori, during the week, said the responsibility of reopening schools amid the second wave of the coronavirus pandemic doesn’t lie on the gov­ernment alone but also rests on parents, teachers as well as stu­dents. He said no school should reopen until all guidelines by the Nigeria Centre for Disease Control on school reopening are met. “There are guidelines which the NCDC has set. Before we do anything, let’sensureallschools have complied with the guide­lines. ASUU, parents, all stake­holders should collaborate and ensure that schools are ready to reopen. It is not in the hands of the government alone but all hands must be on the deck. “The most important per­son in the control of COVID is individual. Parents should be worried about where they are sending their children to, they should get involved and not just sit at home. They should work withthegovernmentandteach­ers and look at the places and ensuretheNCDCguidelinesare putinplaceatlearningcentres,” Prof Tomori further explained. Speaking to our correspon­dent earlier this week, Prof Biodun Ogunyemi, ASUU Na­tional President, does not have any objection to government re­opening theuniversities. Indeed, ASUUmembersareprepared to put extra efforts to get the uni­versities going. However, “our union is saying both university authorities and government have not done enough to guar­antee the health and safety of our members and our students in going back to classes on the campuses. “Last July 2020, the Federal Governmentreleasedthe Guide­lines for Schools and Learning Facilities Reopening after COVID-19 pandemic closures. The goal was to ensure that we all take responsibility for Safe Schools and Quality Learning. As part of the guideline docu­ment, stakeholders are expect­ed to conduct a joint assessment forthe safe reopening of schools and learning facilities. “Two critical instruments for doing this are the Readiness Checklist and the Compliance Checklist. We have not seen this critical assessment being done in most of our public univer­sities with major stakeholders likethecampus-basedunions of staff andstudentsparticipating. But, if thegovernmenthasdone the safety assessment, the re­ports should be made available to our members and indeed all Nigerians. Ogunyemi said “In other words, we are simply asking the government to apply its own guidelines in a transpar­ent manner to reassure ASUU that the health and safety of its members and their students could be guaranteed in reopen­ingtheuniversities. Amongoth­erthings, universityauthorities and governmentshouldaddress questionslikewhatarewedoing about the crowded classrooms? What step(s) have been taken to decongest the students’ hostels in order to encourage physical distancing? “Wehavelostquiteanumber of our members and professors to COVID-19 already. ASUU can­not fold its arms and watch the emergence of a situation that couldcomplicate mattersforthe Nigerian academic community. It’s all in the interest of all of our nation and us,” he stressed. As Prof Tomori earlier called for stakeholders’ syner­gy, the umbrella body of private school owners, the National As­sociation of Proprietors Private Schools (NAPPS), on Thursday had called on the Federal gov­ernment to keep schools open, saying that the impact of anoth­er lockdown on schools will be grievous than the coronavirus itself. Besides, the association lamented that many schools have collapsed and put up for sale while over 30 percent of its members have gone bankrupt and indebted to some financial institutions. NAPPS hasnotedwithgrave concerns the recent pronounce­ment credited to the Federal Governmentasregardsthepro­posedreviewof theresumption date of schools fixed for 18th of January 2021 due to the resur­gence of the COVID-19 infec­tions in the country. Otubela, who acknowledged the concerns of the govern­ment, said NAPPS differs from the review of the date which could keep the schools closed as against the earlier date an­nounced. “We all heard what UNICEF said a few days ago that schools are not drivers of the pandem­ic and that keeping the schools locked would do more damage tothesocietyingeneralthanthe pandemic we are all fighting. “I can say unequivocally that schools are better structured to manage their pupils and stu­dents. In big cities like Lagos, Port Harcourt, Kano and oth­ers, schools come to the rescue of parents by helping them keep their children safe. “In NAPPS, our members have put all the necessary fa­cilities in place to comply with the directives of the PTF on COVID-19andtheNCDC. While we appreciate the efforts of the government to keep schools safe, we have done a number of things and we suggest the same for public schools. One of which is that there should be strict ad­herence and enforcement of the safety protocols. “Public schools that have large student population should adopt staggered resumption and lesser number of teaching hours. Wealso suggest that mon­itoring teams should go round allschoolstoensurecompliance and we even want parents to be part of such teams, their chil­drenwetakecareof arealsoour children,” Otubela added. Vice-Chancellorsof somefed­eral and state universities in Ni­geria have expressed readiness to reopen schools despite the ASUU objection and fears. Some of theVCsof federaluniversities claim that there were no guide­lines for reopening varsities. Apart from the scare aris­ing from the second wave of COVID-19, another VC said someof them(VCs) hadplanned to stagger resumption. “I think ASUU should begin to speak to facts. In as much as we do not want the COVID-19 outbreak on our campuses, we hadour plans. Someacademicactivitiescanre­sume for classes with a few pop­ulations,” one of the VCs said. “LASU recently held exam­inations for students in compli­ance with COVID-19 guidelines, and it went well. What do they mean by saying there is no guideline for reopening?” an­other VC queried. According to report, VC of the Federal University of Agri­culture, Abeokuta, Prof. Felix Salako, said the varsity would resume academic activities on January 18, in compliance with the directives of the Federal Government, maintaining that the university was ready to re­sume academic activities, saying that measures had been put in place, includingCOVID-19proto­cols as stipulated by the Federal Government. Other universities have scheduled their resump­tion to run through January. He said it was mischievous and political for any lecturer to go to the media to say that the univer­sity was not ready for academic activities.