In the midst of challeng­es with the Boko Haram insurgency, countries from the West have shown more concern for the plight of Borno people than rich Arab nations whose people share similarity of religion and culture with the majority of Borno indi­genes, Governor Babagana Umara Zulum has said. Zulum stated this on Tues­day in Maiduguri when he re­ceived the Palestinian Ambas­sador to Nigeria, Saleh Fheied Saleh, in Maiduguri. Zulum commended Palestine for be­ing one of the few exceptions, within the Arab community. “I am a practical person. I work with the realities I see on ground. In the face of our challenges over the years, we have received humanitarian support from the UK and oth­er parts of Europe, the United States, Canada, from Japan and a host of others who have demonstrated concern and have made efforts to support our traumatised citizens in many ways especially on food, medicals and livelihoods. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “However, that level of con­cern never came from Arab countries with whom millions of Borno people share similar­ity in religion and culture. We even have indigenous Shuwa Arabs in Borno and this shows how our histories are tied. We have made severe efforts, written and visited embassies of Arab countries, especially those that are rich and not dealing with crises. But obvi­ously, the majority of Arabs do not care about our situation, neither do they support us. The Arabs have not shown concern to us. Your visit, how­ever, has renewed our hope especially and we are very grateful for that,” Zulum said. The Palestinian ambassa­dor had informed Zulum of plan to support the govern­ment of Borno State in some areas of need. Southern, Middle Belt Forum Appoints Nwodo As National Coordinator Bullish Momentum Returns As Equities Market Gains 0.17% “There are a lot of Palestin­ian companies in Nigeria that they are willing to work with the Borno State government. We are ready to cooperate with you, we are ready to help in anything you want us to do that we can do,” Saleh said. The Ambassador also said many Nigerians are currently residing in Palestine, particu­larly Borno indigenes, some of whom have diligently served the government and people of Palestine. He cited that among Bor­no people in Palestine, a lady called Fatima Barnawi was once a minister and a police chief.