The defence headquarters (DHQ) said the armed forces have “checkmated” Boko Haram and their op­erations in the North-East. Despite claims that the insurgents have been dec­imated, some parts of the North-Eastern region still come under attack. One of the most recent violent attacks by Boko Haram was at Zabarmari in Jere Local Govern­ment Area of Borno State where more than 40 farm­ers were killed. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! But during an inter­view with NAN on Mon­day, John Enenche, Coor­dinator of Defence Media Operations, said the Fed­eral Government and the military since 2015 had checked the intensity of terrorist activities across the country — particular­ly in the North-East. He said the initial delay in tackling the menace made it gain momentum — Boko Haram taking over territories and set­ting up administrative structures — before they were knocked off in 2016. 2023: Why APC Should Nominate Southerner As Presidential Candidate — Sagay Delta, Imo, Enugu, Oyo, Others Get New Police Commissioners He said the open dis­play of power and au­thority by Boko Haram no longer happens in the North-East, and that no single district or commu­nity could be said to be under the control of the insurgents. “The issue of bombings that even spread to other places like Abuja, Kano, Niger and Kogi States, in­cluding their slipper cells no longer exist,” he said. “What about suicide bombing, which is one of the signs of terrorism? It was rife and even at our checkpoints they come and detonate bombs as well as public gatherings; all these have been nipped properly. “If you put all these to­gether, I can tell you that terrorism has been check­mated. “However, the signs are still there with isolat­ed action here and there; common with terrorism.” Enenche said history has shown that terrorism “is a very resilient type of enemy activity”, add­ing that the type of ter­rorism in Nigeria is not “a smart one” but rooted in the state of mind of a group of people. He also said Boko Ha­ram and ISWAP were hy­brid threats that became protracted with immedi­ate and remote causes. He asked Nigerians to be bold in coming out to provide information on activities of the in­surgents to aid security agencies in tracking their locations.