Jos- Senate Committee Chairman on Drugs and narcotics, Senator Hezekiah Dimka has assured his constituents, that he was going to work round the clock this year to ensure on going government projects in his Senatorial district are completed for the benefit of the people of Plateau Central Senatorial district According to him, Projects such as construction of Pankshin-Tapshin-Gambar-Sara-Kal-Gindiri road net works and construction of Panyam-Bokkos-Wamba-Wamse road networks when completed will link various communities (inter and intra- state) for the enhancements of socio economic activities. Dimka in an interview with Daily Independent in Jos said that his Constituency projects have gone into advance stage with the installation of Solar street lights across Pankshin, Kanke and Kanam LGAs within central Senatorial district. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! He added that in Pankshin LGA, casting work for the installation of the solar street light in Wokkos, Lankan, Ballang Kalep, Ballang Shipang, Deri, Mudel, Kadyis, Nyelleng, Gwabi and Jivir Communities have been completed and assured that these communities will soon begin to enjoy electricity light. Dimka added that Communities in Kanam LGA were considered for same Projects while in Mangu LGA, transformers would soon be supplied for the extension of electricity in M angu and Gindiri towns. Lawan Reveals How People In, Outside Nigeria Frustrating Passage Of PIB Senate Will Not Betray Nigerians, Lawan Insists He promised that same thing would be done in Bokkos LGA while Dengi town headquarters of Kanam LGA is expected to benefit from the same scheme and as well as extension of electricity to Kyamshegi and Jarmai towns all within his Senatorial district.Onoja Audu Jos. Senate Committee Chairman on Drugs and narcotics Senator Hezekiah Dimka has assured his constitents, that he was going to work round the clock this year to ensure on going government projects in his Senatorial district are completed for the benefit of the people of Plateau Central Senatorial district According to him, Projects such as construction of Pankshin-Tapshin-Gambar-Sara-Kal-Gindiri road net works and construction of Panyam-Bokkos-Wamba-Wamse road networks when completed will link various communities (inter and intra- state) for the enhancements of socio economic activities. Dimka in an interview with DailyIndependent in Jos said that his Constituency projects have gone into advance stage with the installation of Solar street lights across Pankshin ,Kanke and Kanam LGAs within central Senatorial district. He added that in Pankshin LGA, casting work for the installation of the solar street light in Wokkos, Lankan,Ballang Kalep, Ballang Shipang, Deri, Mudel, Kadyis, Nyelleng, Gwabi and Jivir Communities have been completed and assured that these communities will soon begin to enjoy electricity light. Dimka added that Communities in Kanam LGA were considered for same Projects while in Mangu LGA, transformers would soon be supplied for the extension of electricity in M angu and Gindiri towns. He promised that same thing would be done in Bokkos LGA while Dengi town headquarters of Kanam LGA is expected to benefit from the same scheme and as well as extension of electricity to Kyamshegi and Jarmai towns all within his Senatorial district.