Great Life Changers Foundation International (GLCFIN), a faith-based Nongovernmental Organisation (NGO) during a recent outreach, empowered not less than 1000 widows. Bishop Chioma Grace Dauji, visioner of the NGO and the Presiding Bishop of Amazing Grace Pentecostal Bible Church, Lagos, viewed that widows and orphans are more at the receiving end of the economic challenges and abusive cultural practices, as such government and individuals should come to their aid. “Since the inception of the vision, every year, the number of widows increased with the orphans also growing, due to our ill-informed society and wrong perception about the plight of the widows. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Oftentimes, what they need is love, attention and respect, not necessarily because they are hungry or in lack, but for people to accord them respect, show them love and identify with their plight. “It is heart breaking listening to the pains, agony and experiences of neglect, maltreatment and rejection many of these widows go through without anyone fighting their course,” she said. COVID-19 And Satanic Manipulations Of Humanity Deeper Life Concludes Retreat, Says Pandemic Can’t Frustrate God’s Plan Dauji, maintained that the society should stop all forms of discrimination against widows and orphans while decrying traditions and cultures subjecting widows to abuses and rejection against their wishes. Dauji, appealed to every arm of government to consider the plights of widows in their plans, budget and activities. However, the widows and beneficiaries of initiative commended efforts of the foundation in attending to the plight of the widows and gladdening them without any attached condition through the annual. Dauji made known that the foundation was born to offer hope to the lost souls, less privileged people in the society. She added that the foundation’s focal points are rehabilitation, reformation, re-integration, re-absorption and envisioned to raise giants from the rejected and marginalised through physical and spiritual empowerment.