Hosts Cameroon got off to a perfect start at the 2020 African Nations Championship (CHAN) on Saturday by defeating Zimbabwe 1-0 in the opening match of the tournament. A second half goal by Salomon Banga was all the Indomitable Lions needed to see off the southern Africans at the Ahmadou Ahidjo Stadium in Yaounde. But the Warriors were aided by the profligacy of the home side who had the Cotonsport Garaou defender to thank after he scored with an acrobatic kick on 72 minutes in the Group A match. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The Indomitable Lions could have won the match by a wider margin but goalkeeper Ariel Sibanda was alert to deny Jacques Zoua at the halfway stage of the first-half. Thierry Tchuente and Serge Andoulo also missed decent goalscoring opportunities. Injury: Jurgen Klopp Reveals 5 Players Ruled Out Of Man Utd Clash Mesut Ozil To Join Fenerbahce From Arsenal The victory gives them the chance to settle well in the competition and correct some of the errors in their attack after they fluffed several goalscoring chances in the first half. Cameroon dominated the early exchanges but goalkeeper Sibanda was alert to thwart all the efforts of the home side, led by the experienced Zoua. And when Tchuente outwitted his marker on 23 minutes to free Zola with a one-on-one chance with Sibanda, the goalkeeper stretched at full length to deny the former German Bundesliga player. Cameroon’s Alfred Meyong and Zoua continued to trouble the Zimbabwe defenders, but were not sharp enough at goal to keep the scores even. Zimbabwe had a rare chance just before the break but Shadreck Nyahwa shot wide much to the relief of the supporters of the home side. The two teams returned after the break determined to score and it was the hosts who continued to miss chances with Tchuente and Serge Andoulo the chief culprits. The home fans continued to cheer the Lions until Banga gave them the lead. When goalkeeper Sibanda and Zimbabwe failed to clear in the box, the Cotonsport defender acrobatically hit the ball with his back facing the net to send the fans into raptures. The home fans continued with their vociferous support but Zimbabwe defended in numbers. Tchuente should have made it 2-0 for Cameroon with just six minutes remaining, but he shot feebly into the waiting hands of Sibanda to leave the home side with a slim win. The win marked a perfect start for the hosts who failed to win a game in their three games during the pre-CHAN tournament held over a week ago in Yaounde. Zimbabwe also continued with their poor run of failing to win their opening matches in all their appearances at the CHAN competition, designed only for home-based players.