…Refunds N480,000 Contribution Following BBC Pidgin report on a ramshackle Onila and Agidingbi Community Primary Schools, in Irepodun Local Government Area of kwara state, Rep Tunji Ajuloopin, has commenced construction of blocks of classrooms in the two communities. Ajuloopin, member, representing Ekiti, Isin, Irepodun and Oke-ero federal constituency of Kwara also refunded the N480,000 contributed by 25 women in Onila community. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! The women in the BBC pidgin report had told the reporter that they usually contribute N2000 monthly in a bid to build classrooms to provide conducive learning environment for their wards and children. However, the BBC pidgin reports had sent tongue wagging over the sorry state of Onila and Agindingbi community primary schools as it generated reactions across the country. Akpabio Calls For Partnership In Development Of Niger Delta Region Nigerian Stock Market Gains N325bn On Enhanced Buying Interest The reports showed how pupils of the communities had been subjected to a tortuous learning condition in a very debasing atmosphere. Speaking to BBC, Mrs. Deborah Aweda said the pupils had been decrepitly exposed to sun, rain and other excruciating conditions that made learning a near impossible task. However, in a swift reaction to arrest the plight of his constituents, the lawmaker on Jan 12 sent a delegation to the two communities, led by his Chief of Staff, Hon Lanre Agas. Ajuloopin said he would be taken over the entire structure, adding that he would fix the school in both communities in record time to give the pupil the requisite learning environment. He commended Nigerians and the BBC reporter who brought the attention of the communities predicament to the open, adding that such gesture was commendable. The lawmaker in December 2020 also intervened in a similar situation at Apata kajola in Irepodun Local Government of Kwara over dilapidated primary school structure in the community. Ajuloopin’s attention was brought to the plight of the pupils in the rustic town where learning took place under agonizing condition. The pupils had to trek seven to eight kilometres to attend a neighbouring school because of the dilapidated structure of the school. Ajulopin immediately began reconstruction of the primary school which is now 80 per cent completed and would be handed over to the community in few weeks. According to the lawmaker, this is what I was elected for and I will not shack in my responsibility to the people. The federal lawmaker further reiterated his unwavering commitment to serve his constituents that elected him, adding that he was more resolved to serve hem sequel to their unflinching support.