Rumours had spread last year that pop star Justin Timberlake and wife and sector Jessica Biel that they had had another baby but hid it from the public. To be honest 2020 was probably the best year to have a secret pregnancy as none of us could really leave the house. Timberlake recently confirmed that all the rumours were true and that he and Biel had indeed welcomed another baby into the world. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! According to Independent.ie the Cry Me A River singer revealed all while being interviewed on the Ellen DeGeneres Show, which has yet to be aired. FBI Vetting Guard Troops In DC Amid Fears Of Insider Attack WhatsApp Extends Deadline For New Privacy Terms During the interview with DeGeneres the two of them recollected on a story where during a FaceTime Biel walked in with a pregnancy bump and the couple revealed to DeGeneres that they were expecting; “I think we were FaceTiming and you said ‘Hey, you want to know a secret?’ and then Jessica walked in and you put your hand on her stomach. You were like ‘We’re having another baby!'” The 39-year-old who also shares son Silas with Biel went on to tell DeGeneres and viewers what his new baby has been named and that like most new parents, no one is getting much sleep; “Yeah, I’ll tell you his name. His name is Phineas. He’s awesome and he’s so cute and nobody’s sleeping. But we’re thrilled. We’re thrilled and couldn’t be happier. Very grateful.” Timberlake who famously dated Britney Spears in the past married Biel in 2012. In 2019 issues emerged among the couple when Timberlake was photographed hand in hand with Alisha Wainwright in New Orleans while filming Palmer. Timberlake apologized for his actions and insisited nothing more than hand holder occuered between himself and Wainwright and the couple later reconciled. We wish Timberlake and Biel all the best with their new bundle of joy and can’t wait to hear more from the happy family.