LAGOS  – The Nigeria Customs Service (NCS) at the weekend disclosed that the one year and four months period of partial border closure prevented smuggling of goods worth N12,538,333,545.50 and the unlawful movements of 1,401 irregular migrants and other unlawful activities. Col Hameed Ibrahim Ali(Rtd), Comptroller General of Service made the disclosure in a statement on the joint border security operation code named Exercise Swift Response and made available to DAILY INDEPENDENT.. Joseph Attah, spokesman for Nigeria Customs Service and the joint border security operation, also disclosed that 159,506.7-(50kg) bags of parboiled foreign rice; 10,447 bags of NPK fertilizer used for making explosives; 1,974 Vehicles and 895 motorcycles were among seizures made. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Also seized in the course of the border drill are 18,690.3 jerry cans of vegetable oil and other items Part of the statement read: “In a renewed effort to combat smuggling, irregular migration and other transnational organised crimes along the nation’s border coupled with the gradual reopening of the borders, Operation SWIFT RESPONSE (OSR), which was launched in August 2019 and coordinated by the Office of the National Security Adviser (ONSA), has transformed into Nigeria’s Joint Border Patrol Team (JBPT) as part of a Tripartite Operation, comprising Benin, Niger and Nigeria. COVID-19, Politicians Fingered Over High Prices Of Abakaliki Rice Commercial Activities Resume In Onitsha Markets After Xmas, New Year Celebrations “With the reopening of the borders for commercial activities, items such as parboiled rice, frozen chicken, illicit drugs, among others remain prohibited. The National Security Adviser (NSA), Major General Babagana Monguno (rtd) in a goodwill message to the transformed Operation SWIFT RESPONSE, applauded the unflinching commitment of the security operatives to the national assignment, and urged them not to rest on their oars. “The NSA further stated that the joint patrols would be adequately administered and charged the operatives to display a high level of professionalism during the operation with their neighbouring counterparts. This was because Nigeria has a widely acclaimed track record of security operations not just at the ECOWAS level, but the world at large. “Meanwhile, a year and four months into the operation, the smuggling of illicit drugs and proliferation of small arms and light weapons used to exacerbate Violent Extremism and Terrorism in some parts of the country have been significantly curbed. This is in addition to the quantum of seizures of prohibited items and numbers of arrested irregular migrants as the operation progresses.”