Following threats of the second wave of coronavirus, the Federal Government and state government in Nigeria have made announcements reiterating the protocols enunciated to contain the spread during the first wave, to take effect from Monday 21, December, but almost two weeks into the announcements the status quo has remained as Lagosians, especially commuters are going about their normal businesses, as if the reported and evident second wave of the spread is a hoax. Many have continued to downplay it, choosing rather to play the ostrich, and having the presumption that the plague will not come upon them, claiming it is not their portion. My findings in the days leading to Christmas day, particularly from Monday 21, when total compliance was expected to commence, shows a high level of defiance to the protocols required to contain the spread by commuters and operators alike. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! From Abule – Egba to Oshodi, I took the highly preferred ‘BRT’ bus, expecting to find strict compliance to the following protocols; passengers wearing nose covers before boarding; washing of hands with soap under running water; use of alcohol-based sanitizers before and after each trip; disinfection of the vehicles and the bus park; and loading of 60% of the bus passenger capacity. Alas, I was grossly disappointed to find that none of these protocols were adhered to except for a few number of passengers who put on their face masks before boarding and immediately put it off when on board. I find the same scenario with all the ‘BRT’ bus operations, from Oshodi to Obalende, from ‘TBS’ to Ojodu, from Ikorodu to Marina. We Put Premium On Safety Of Containers In Transit – Kamaldeen Railway Capable Of Ending Apapa Gridlock– Engr. Okhiria In the first wave of the COVID -19 outbreak, that lasted between from March and eased out in September this year, the Lagos State Government introduced guidelines and took proactive measures to prevent community spread of the virus. A measure of enforcement was put in place to enforce commercial and commuter operators including passengers to wear nose covers, wash their hands with soap under running water, and use alcohol-based sanitizers before and after each trip. All transport operators and companies were compulsorily made to regularly disinfect their vehicles, parks, and garages. All commercial passenger vehicles are not to exceed 60% of their capacity. Yellow buses were compelled to carry not more than eight passengers (two on a row), tricycles are to carry just two passengers at the back, while private car owners also made to observe physical distancing. As the second wave began to rage across the western World with threats to overwhelm the rest of the world, other countries have started taking proactive steps to contain its spread, including Nigeria, which announced through its presidential Task Force on COVID- 19, that following the confirmation of a second wave of the coronavirus in Nigeria, the Federal Government has advised states to immediately close all bars, nightclubs, and restaurants across the country, limiting the number of guests at weddings, conferences, among others to 50 persons. Boss Mustapha, the chairman of the Presidential Task Force (PTF) on COVID-19, while in one of its regular briefing speaking in the third week of December, 2020, said “The new guidelines are part of measures to limit the spread of the virus”. He said President Muhammadu Buhari has authorised the PTF “to engage with the states and the FCT to assume full ownership of this stage of the response by deploying legal structures and resources, including enforcement to manage the pandemic within their jurisdictions”. In the same vein, the Lagos state government announced its own measures for containing the spread, under this new order is the transportation guideline announced by Frederic Oladeinde, honorable commissioner, Lagos state ministry for transportation, in the week before the Christmas. One of the passengers at the ‘BRT’ galleria, who gave his name as, Kehinde Akinbiyi, responded to my enquiry about his opinion on the protocols put in place by the government to contain the spread of the second wave of coronavirus by saying, “We are fed up with all these government orders which do not put food on one’s table. I can tell you for free, there are more problems and challenges that kill people in this country than the so called coronavirus. “I am not saying that the virus does not exist, because I am not a doctor or a scientist, but what I know is that, what’s worrying people now is far beyond the virus, for instance Christmas is around the corner, there is no money and food items are on the increase in the market. All the government is interested in is; don’t do this, don’t do that, as if that is what will improve our living conditions”. Kehinde remarked angrily. Another passenger who is also on queue to board the bus, eavesdropped while Kehinde was responding, and interjected when he finished speaking, he said: “Oga, Leave dat thing! Is it the passengers that will enforce the protocols, the BRT company is also looking to make enough money in this yuletide season, after all, they need to pay staff and to carry out other overheads. Remember they suffered so much during the ‘endsars protests’, they will need to recoup all that was lost.” A social commentator who spoke on a popular television programme stated that, “Not a few Nigerians believe the virus exists, but they also believe there is a homemade remedy that can cure the sufferers, and many have actually been cured after manifesting all the symptoms suggesting that they may indeed have covid 19. There is a confidence by many, that even if they contract it they can always get themselves cured and so do not bother themselves much with adhering to the preventive protocols.” Folorunsho Adefila, a private bus owner, who plies the western Avenue axis, said, “We have gone through this route before, the protocols are well thought out, requiring that everyone make sacrifices to ensure it achieves the desired goal in the fight against the spread of the second wave of the virus which is a matter of concern to everybody. “But, who is ready to make sacrifices with the expected shortfall in income for transport operators, and just like what happened in the first wave, there may be a hike in transport fare if government insist on enforcing compliance to the reduction in the loading capacity of commercial transport operators, the brunt will be borne by commuters to cover the shortfall in income.” Adefila added, rather selfishly. At the Oshodi BRT arena, passengers are compelled to put on their nose masks before they are allowed into the arena and asked to put it on before boarding, but immediately on board, many remove it, seeing it as a mere face saving order from the company, since other protocols are not been adhered to by the transport companies and by extension showing how lame is the governments’ seriousness in containing the spread. Passengers seems to think, if the spread is indeed serious as being touted, why are these government transporting companies’ not complying with all the protocols required to stem the spread such as; washing of hands with soap, use of hand sanitisers, disinfecting vehicles before passengers are allowed to board the busses and maintaining sixty percent loading capacity. Mr. Biodun Otunola, the Chief Executive Officer of the Planet Project Limited, an indigenous transport infrastructure development company, in a recent interview said, “It is something our government should look into. If we do not provide a subsidy for transport operators, they will not fully comply with the COVID- 19 regulations. “At the inception, they may comply but they will circumvent or boycott the system later. When they do that, the whole idea of social distancing is thrown out of the window. In other words, the government needs to sit down with the transport operators and provide incentives for them. It does not have to be as huge as what is done in other countries. Otunola continued, “When they have some incentives, they will be faithful to the COVID-19 guidelines. Unfortunately, there are no incentives for them. The government has only provided regulations but we all know that regulation alone is not enough. “It is important the government sits down with them and works out incentives in order to commit them to social distancing requirements, especially during this second wave.” Otunola advised. All my efforts at getting officials of the Lagos Bus Services Limited, LBSL, operators of the Abule Egba, Command, and Ayobo, Oshodi – Eko, Marina, TBS, Obalende and Ketu axis of the ‘BRT’ lane and those of Primero Transport Services Limited, who operates the BRT lane from Ikorodu through Western Avenue to Yaba, Eko, Marina, Obalende and back, on why they are not complying fully with the transport regulation guidelines as enumerated by the Lagos state Ministry of Transportation, proved abortive as at the time of sending this report. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION