ABUJA – The Federal Government on Friday said 100km have been completed under section one to three of Abuja-Kano reconstruc­tion project. Engr Funso Adebiyi, the Di­rector Highways Construction and Rehabilitation in the Federal Ministry of Works and Housing gave the hint during the on going visit to the project site to assess the progress of work on the project. Engr. Adebiyi, said ongoing reconstruction workonthe Abu­ja-Kaduna-Kanoroadprojecthas been progressing appreciably and would be completed in the life of this administration. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! “Wearesatisfiedwiththequal­ity of work going on and we are working to increase the pace of the work. You can see that work is going on simultaneously on all sections of both lanes of the dual carriage 375km long road from Abuja-Kaduna- Kano” he said. Adebiyi explained that the work was initially for rehabilita­tion but now full reconstruction work is ongoing. He appealed to Nigerians to be patient with the government in its commitment to deliver a qualitative work that would stand the test of time. NIN: NIMC Workers Suspend Strike COVID-19: Nigeria Plans Vaccinating 70% Of Population By End 2022 Similarly, he also appealed to the road users to bear the discomfort being experienced everyday as a result of blockag­es and diversions, pointing out that it was a necessary action in a construction work of such magnitude above all on such a busy road with high traffic vol­ume and axle load. On the level of work done so far, Engr Adebiyi said “we have made a lot of progress. You can see that over 100km though not atastretch, havebeencompleted under section one to three (Abu­ja-Kano), 40kmcompletedunder section two (Kaduna-Zaria), and 70km completed under section three (Zaria-Kano)” He pointed out that while some sections of the road are also at different levels of com­pletion, palliative/remedial work are being carried out on the sections that are critically bad to facilitate ease of passage for motorists”