Jimi Agbaje, a former two-time governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Lagos State in this interview with ARISE TV says he is still very much active in politics, just as he still has a role to play in the politics of Lagos State. He also speaks on other issues. AKINWUNMI KING monitored the interview from Lagos and brings the excerpts The All Progressives Congress (APC) came out victorious over your party, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the just concluded Lagos East Senatorial by-election with a very wide margin and this has got many people thinking whether the PDP should still be taken seriously. Why is it difficult for the PDP to challenge the APC in Lagos? If you talk about the Lagos East Senatorial by-election, I am not sure it was a referendum on the APC or the PDP. If you use it as a referendum, you had a turnout of about 9 percent. It’s a referendum on whether democracy is working; it is a referendum on whether our people in Lagos believe that their votes count. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! If you have a low turnout, as low as 9 percent, then there is a problem somewhere. If you look at the last governorship election for example in Lagos, the turnout was 18 percent, that was the worst in all the states of the country. In a state where we had the highest number on the voters’ register, we had only 18 percent of the people that came out to vote. And so you can argue that people didn’t come out to vote for different reasons, don’t forget, you had violence; you had intimidation, but more importantly, they feel their votes won’t count. Maybe they are not totally happy with what is going on and we can go on and on. So it is not so much about the PDP or the ruling party, it is that the political class is living in its world at this point in time in our country. And it is time for us to step back and take a cue from countries that have gone through this process and have at one point in time told themselves that we can’t sustain this. Those who put up the Constitution of the United States, it is the same problem we are having that they had but at some point, they sat down and said, our country can no longer go like this. Maternal Mortality Has Reduced In C/River– Lawmaker 2020: Lagos Has Emerged Stronger, More Confident – Sanwo-Olu So I think it is time for the political class in our country to sit down and say, we are not helping our people and some time, it is going to consume all of us. And I think that is really challenging before the political class. So for Lagos like I said, the low turnout of voters speaks volume, 9 percent, that is not democracy. We are talking about the majority of the people coming out to vote. If 9 percent vote for you, then you can really say you are running a democracy in the right sense. Ghana just had its election and they had 70 percent turnout. We had 18 percent in the last general election and again if you look at it, every general election, the percentage keeps falling and that is why I said that it is time for the political class to sit down and say we have to do something right for a change. There are so many crises going on in your party, the defection of Governor Dave Umahi to the APC; fighting between Oyo State governor, Seyi Makinde and former governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose and some others like that. Nigerians expect that as the opposition party, you should be holding the balance but instead, you are fighting yourselves. What do you have to say to this? You know that what the politicians do best is to fight for power and positions and that is what politics is all about and it is not only in the PDP, even in the APC, you have that happening, everybody is talking about 2023. So, what you are seeing playing out is basically repositioning for 2023. But my take is that the citizens should allow politicians to play their games but at the end of the day tell them that when you finish these games, what is in it for us? And I think that is the most important thing, that the citizenry needs to be more assertive in what it expects from the political class. Because if the electorate is not demanding, then those who are even fighting for positions will be different kinds of people because at the end of the day, you know the game must change. But you can’t stop people from fighting for positions. What you have playing out there in both parties, is a game of repositioning so to say, angling for power, which politicians play. You should allow them to play it once it is going to make governance better. And I think that is where the citizenry is failing, they seem to enjoy it as an entertainment show but are not telling the politicians that all these things you are doing are not our business. What we are concerned with is how you are going to clear the Apapa traffic; what are you going to do about the local government elections, will the people come out to vote and vote properly and insist that their votes count? You must give credit to the young ones who did the End SARS protests, they said something and they have done something. Those are the kind of things we need to do and allow the politicians to play their games. There has been more clamour for restructuring in recent times with many Nigerians insisting that that is the only way to solve our myriads of problems. What is your take on this? I try to run away from this word because people take it differently and I believe that if you want to sell a product, you have to sell it in a way that people will accept it. Those who don’t like the word restructuring have put it as sloganeering. But I think what we are saying is, ‘is Nigeria working the way it is?’ We have been talking about the Apapa gridlock for example, you know that in the last ten years we have been having one taskforce or the other, that is because Abuja is trying to resolve traffic problems in Lagos. Is that how you are going to run a country? No. Now the state government wants to take over because it is the one that feels the problem. You have a situation where the Federal Government is building health centres in 774 local government areas and I was asking myself, what is it going to do with those local governments? So basically, what we are saying is that Nigeria is not working and we all agree it is not working. But we agree that the centre is too strong and that is what the argument on restructuring is all about. We are looking at the police and we are saying you cannot have a central police force. We are saying you want to have a rail system and you have to get the federal government to do the rail system in the whole country. So basically for me, we have to go back and devolve power from the centre to the federating units which are the states. The local governments are earning the same kind of income, it is not the business of the federal government. On the record, Nigeria is not working the way it is presently structured and we need to sit down and do something about it. Talking about politicians playing their games and the fact that you mentioned 2023. Are you still going to contest for the governorship election in Lagos State and what are you going to do differently this time around? Again like I said, you allow politicians to play their games. Let me put it like this and the way I like to answer it is like this. Am I still in politics? Yes, I remain in politics. My running for office had nothing to do with running at all cost. So what role I will play is still very unclear but definitely, I believe I have a role to play in politics of our country, I believe I have a role to play in politics of Lagos State. In what capacity, I believe time and events will tell but I am not going to stand here and tell you that Jimi Agbaje is going running for governor, no, I am not going to say that because it is not even on the table. And in any case, you have got to get the parties in proper shape to be able to run any election and I am not sure the parties are in the right shape at the moment. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION