Festus Agbonifo is the sales and business director and special projects for Galooli Nigeria. On several occasions, stakeholders in the power sector have called the Galooli solutions a data solution to power optimisation in Nigeria. In this chat, Agbonifo explains what exactly makes Galooli the go to company for power data solutions and his part in it all as a businessperson. TOMI FALADE brings excerpt Galooli has been in the news in recent times for one thing or the other, can you break down what Galooli represents?Galooli as a business prioritises providing analysis data for big businesses to take decisions. A lot of business thrive on the ability to understand what is going on in their environment, and for us as Nigerians, power is a key factor. For a lot of businesses, moving goods and services also from point A to point B is very key, that is, logistics. Galooli basically provides that information for you to make a decision around your spending. We have two core businesses that we provide services for; telecoms environment, which is further encapsulated into power management. This means that Galooli would provide data for you around your diesel, around your generator strength and visibility everywhere you have your generating set. On the business continuity side, there is no business in Nigeria today that does not have a need for logistics, so we have a lot of vehicular movement back and forth. As a business, you need to be able to understand why you are not getting your deliveries on time, you need to be able to understand how much you need to keep those fleets going, you need to understand where they are at every point in time. So Galooli breaches that gap, ensuring that you have enough data to make the right decision. We have existed for over 13 years across the world, having our corporate office in Tel Aviv. Galooli is presently in 27 countries, with some being physical offices and others working through distribution channels and partners. In Nigeria, we have a full-fledged office that has been here since 2015 and we started off with ensuring that American Tower Company (ATC) becomes more productive and efficient in the way they run their affairs. Galooli, having tested the waters and seeing how much success we have made with ATC, decided that why make just one business efficient when we can extend this service to other businesses. That is what gave birth to strengthening our sales team. Presently, we have over 60 technicians across the country. Nigeria as a country has a challenge of sticking with systems that work, how does Galooli come into that because a lot of systems work in Nigeria but they don’t work at optimal capacity. You also said that Galooli helps to organise your data. Do you think that Nigeria is ready for all that? ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! I am Nigerian and I have been with a couple of start-ups and other international brands and I understand clearly when you say the Nigerian factor. I dare to say that I have seen businesses even in Nigeria who have done the right thing and have succeeded and Galooli is one of them. We have a completely local team on the ground with of course our Israeli expertise. The truth is that when you have the process in place and the right people to drive that process, you will get good results. For the kind of businesses we support, five years back-to-back we have had a very tremendous success rate with them, that it is sustainable. During the heat of The COVID season earlier in the year, Galooli donated one of your systems to Gbagada General Hospital when it became a COVID centre. Was that just a marketing strategy? Some Religious Fanatics Think I Mock Spirituality With My Jokes – Madjohny Igbos: Tale Of A Besieged Race A lot of people have asked if it was a marketing strategy, I’ll leave that to you to decide. But Galooli solely believes in the people. A part of our vision statement is ‘Family is key’. You don’t do business in an environment and not want to see how you can impact them positively. COVID-19 pandemic was something nobody saw coming, so when all of this started, globally you could see big firms coming up with ways to help humanity. In Nigeria, we know what our challenges are. While the government on its part is trying to make funds available, we did not want any form of losses or wastage for the hospital, and the Galooli system ensures that there are no wastages. We picked a health facility because the doctors were doing their best, the nurses were making sure that lives where saved, and we did not want a situation where power goes off. A typical system that we provide monitors diesel and efficiency and so we felt it was a way we can give back to the community. If I give you N1 million, it probably will touch one or two lives, but if you put a system in place, you never can tell the ripple effect it is going to have on a larger scale. So we decided to ensure that Gbagada Hospital runs at optimal capacity. We are not providing diesel, but at least somebody is monitoring or has a tool to know that the generating set might likely go faulty, or that the diesel there is likely going down. We did not want a situation where they would be taking care of a patient and things would go wrong. So, for us, it was not a marketing stunt it was our own way of giving back to the community. What in your background prepared you for a life of sales, did you study it in school or something? I had my first degree in computer science and economics. I started off as technical personnel, but I noticed that I had a flair for ensuring that it is not just the product, it is what can you do beyond this laptop you’re buying, so that propelled me in wanting to know more. I developed an interest in power and a renewable energy and you wouldn’t blame me because I live in a country where everyone around me has two generators. It became a curiosity for me. Also, growing up, I could negotiate anything and everything and I pride myself in saying that I don’t lose a deal. so that helped and of course, I decided to empower myself. I took a couple of business courses that prepared me and in the past 15 years, I have been fortunate to move from one product to another, giving me the edge to understand different products and the different requirements. All that prepared me to understand that in every sphere of life there is a product that could do multiple things and there is something that somebody needs and someone to explain it properly. So far, do you have any regrets, would you have done things differently if you knew what you know now in the past? My late mum would have preferred me being a lawyer because growing up I was very outspoken, and on several occasions as a child, if there was an issue anywhere people would say “go get Festus.” I would not only explain what happened but why it happened and why it shouldn’t have happened. Growing up a lot of people were saying I was probably going to become a lawyer. So yeah, maybe in a different way if I had full control of my own life, I probably would have studied law. I also ventured into sports. I play tennis and hockey. In all though, I don’t think I have any regrets, I am happy where I am. Business in Nigeria is never nine to five, especially in this line. As a family man, how do you manage that dynamic, how do you maintain work-life balance? My personal secret, I’m a salesman, a businessperson, and a business development person; I think round the clock. Associates and friends would tell you I hardly sleep, but clearly everybody who is close to me knows that immediately it is 7pm I am indoors, and my kids would tell you that once it’s 7:30 and they don’t see me around, they will call to know what’s going on. For me the balance is very clear, I can meet you up for a meeting at 5 am, but if you want me to meet you late in the evening, we must define it. What that means is that I ensure that the home front and the workplace are separate. Family times have been interrupted a couple of times just because they know that I must get some things done, but I ensure that quality family time is spent. I also know my kids like the back of my hands so that helps me balance things. Nigeria has always had a problem of power for as long as anyone can remember. Do you think with what you know working in this sector, that Nigeria is ever going to come out of that narrative? I don’t see things improving beyond an additional 15% from where we are in another 10 years. That means that more people would have to devise more efficient ways of retaining power, using power, and getting cost-effective power usage so if we have that understanding, there might be a slight growth. More people thinking out of the box to ensure that power is provided in smarter ways would help too. Galoli’s solutions don’t seem to be for the common man, they seem to be solutions for the high and mighty with big businesses and sophisticated systems. The average man who wants to understand what is going on with his own systems, what can he do, are there no solutions for him? I was somewhere and I was speaking with owners of small start-ups and the challenge was why we were providing solutions for the big businesses. Galooli is presently at that place where we are weighing the options of going full-scale commercial into entry levels. We are working on designing some solutions that can cut across, but as of today, the solution that we have is tailored more around big businesses and medium scale users not the entry-level. And the reason is not far fetched, the return on investment is going to take a longer period with several dynamics around it. We would get there but we are not there yet. Finally, one word to describe what Galooli is doing for Nigeria. The system has been able to show business owners that you can get savings and plunge it back into your business. Meaning “savings from visibility”. What Galooli system has given back to the society is to show where you can save and use that savings to do some other things more meaningful. There are so many young Nigerians who aspire to be what you have made of yourself, what’s your advice to young Nigerians who see a future in sales?For me, sales is not just selling, I see myself as a solution provider. For you to be able to make an impact, the keyword is to make sure you’re providing a solution. For every product I have carried, the first thing I do is “what can this service do?” Create solutions, there is no point coming to a CEO or a technical manager telling him what his problems are without providing a solution to them, so the first thing I would advice is to ensure that you are the solution provider. Then, of course, resilience. Carve a niche for yourself. SHOCKING! DOCTORS ARE MESMERIZED BY THIS NATURAL PREMATURE EJACULATION AND SMALL SIZE SOLUTION GUARANTEED TO BULLDOZE YOUR WOMAN INTO SEXUAL SUBMISSION