The Management of Bayero University Kano (BUK) on Monday, announced compulsory use of face mask by all staff, students and visitors from Monday, Jan. 18, as part of measures to stem the spread of COVID-19 pandemic. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) reports that the institution reopened on Monday following a directive from the federal government has for  schools to be reopened. This is contained in a statement issued by Lamara Garba, Secretary Information and Communication Division of the University in Kano. ABUJA DOCTOR REVEALS HOW MOST NIGERIA MEN ARE NOW OVERCOMING TERRIBLE BEDROOM PERFORMANCE DUE TO THIS BRILLIANT DISCOVERY. DON'T BE A VICTIM! Garba said the decision was in line with the policy of curtailing the spread of COVID-19 Pandemic in the country and the desire to have a healthy community for academic activities. “The Management of BUK wishes to inform all members of the University Community, students and visitors to the campuses that the University has adopted strict observance of all the COVID-19 Protocols within the confines of the University environment. LASU Staff Unions Cancel Proposed Strike Action COVID-19: Group Condemns School Resumption Amidst Pandemic “Consequently, staff (teaching and non-teaching), members of their families and students as well as visitors to the University must comply with the protocols. “Already, the Management has provided enough motorised hand washing machines and hand sanitizers at strategic locations within the academic, administrative and hostel areas for use. “No student will be allowed into lecture hall or any other place within the University without wearing a face mask covering their norse and mouth. “Lecturers are also required to wear their face-mask, and ensure all students in their classes do the same. “Staff, students and visitors are required while in the University premises should wear a face mask and remain with it at all times. “Also, members of University community and visitors must strictly observe physical distancing as much as possible in academic area and hostels or any other places. “Wearing of face mask must be done fully not half way, the face-mask must cover nose and mouth, it must not be hanged on one ear, or put under the chin. “As part of measures to ensure total enforcement and compliance, the Management has employed surveillance mechanisms with setting up of COVID-19 Protocol Enforcement Marshals,” he said. According to him, anyone caught violating the compliance order will be sanctioned, saying in order to reduce or eliminate the spread of the virus, members of the University community are advised to reduce hand shake, keep social distance of two metres, and wash hands regularly. He said that as much as possible members of University community and visitors, should stay in an open space, and if they must be in a room, they must ensure that the room is well ventilated. “We should also ensure vehicles, transporting students, (private or public) are well ventilated with windows open,” he said.